3	Tasting it is the only reliable way.	The way you have it is fine.
3	I think it probably depends on your money.	It depends on your country.
3	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	You don't have to know.
3	Obviously, the best book for you depends a lot on what you are looking for.	The answer will depend of course on what you're looking for in a vacation.
3	I've had this same problem.	I had the same problem as you.
3	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	Also, if you die, you don't have to repay, don't know if it helps.
3	It is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do.	What can you do and what should you do to grow more?
3	You need to add this to your resume because it is the only position you have had.	You may want it, but the process given to you is what you have to work within.
3	I remained under the banyan tree, exhausted by my daily ritual of dragooning the men every two hours. 	I remained under the banyan tree, exhausted by my daily ritual of herding the cats every two hours. 
3	There are a ton of other examples online.	There's a ton of variables:
3	The way you have it is fine.	It is up to you.
3	I think you should do both.	I don't think you need double-entry bookkeeping.
3	It's a good idea to tailor your CV and/or resume to each position you apply for.	It's acceptable to tailor your CV for each job you apply for.
3	So my proposed answer is "yes".	My answer to your question is "Probably Not".
3	There are a few things you can do: 	Some of what you can do:
3	In the US, it will depend on the school.	It really depends on the school and the program.
0	I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised.	I wouldn't say it is better, just different.
0	There is no reason to worry.	There is no quarantine period.
0	You don't need to know everything.	You don't have to worry.
0	You don't need to know everything.	You don't need sauce at all.
0	It rather depends on which country you're in.	It depends in which country you are living in.
0	Does this page answer your question?	This is a part answer to your question
0	The two things you can do to really help here are:	There are two things to consider:
0	You answered your own question.	I think you answered your own question.
0	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	You don't need to have proof, you're just reporting what you noticed.
0	Cooking depends on the type of sauce you're cooking.	You're using the wrong type of screws.
0	You answered your own question.	You practically answered your own question.
0	How should I proceed about this?	What should I do about this? 
0	There's also what the string is made of.	There is also a Youtube-Version of the film.
0	Unofficially it is not.	), but it is not.
0	If they want you to use a certain technique, then that's part of the training process.	So, just check if there's a specific part of the train you need to be on.
0	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	If you really want to learn it, it will take time and work.
0	Much of it has to do with marketing.	A lot of it has to do with your programming.
0	Be sure to use a good wood glue like Titebond II.	Looks like cedar, that is a good wood to use.
0	You also imply you may not be paid if they cannot place you with a client.	You can do it, but you might not be a professor.
2	No, I don't think you should contact the editor.	I don't think there's much you can do.
2	I think there isn't a general answer.	I think this is a simple answer.
2	There are two things to consider:	There are two things you need to look at to get an answer.
2	It's also a matter of taste.	It's really a matter of preference.
2	The more you weigh, the harder it is on your back.	The more detail you have, the harder it is to dismiss your estimate as inaccurate.
2	I did this one time as well.	I have this habit as well.
0	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	You may want it, but the process given to you is what you have to work within.
5	You can use it, too.	You can use garlic powder and leave it out.
5	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	If they don't, don't force it.
5	I was in a similar situation.	Recently, I have had a very similar situation occur.
5	I suggest you to take a look at rememberthemilk.com.	Take a look at these:
5	I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious.	I really don't know about will it help you, but here is what I do:
5	You do not need to worry.	You don't have to worry.
3	You should do it.	You should do what it says.
2	I think it is depends on the program.	I think it depends on the dish.
2	If you don't do it, you go to bed early.	If you don't finish, you just don't get the snack. 
2	It is impossible to answer this question without a form check.	Check out the last paragraph to my answer to this question.
2	Yes, you can receive phone signals.	Yes, you can freeze buttermilk.
2	The short answer is: it should not.	The short and clear answer is: it is absolutely not safe.
2	I was in a similar situation.	I've done this in a similar situation.
2	I would even venture to say that it is THE question.	I would suggest that the answer is that it isn't common.
2	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	If you don't mind the extra weight, I would say definitely go for it.
2	This will, as the very first and foremost thing, allow you to place plenty of them.	The first thing to do is, of course, close them.
2	If your long stay visa for Switzerland is valid, then you will not need a transit visa.	If your Schenghen Visa will still be valid then you will not need to apply for a new Visa.
2	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	If you want to do it you should do it completely.
2	I think you should do both.	What should you do?
2	You should just ask your boss what he wants you to do.	You should listen to your boss, because you're not paid to tell the boss what to do.
0	This doesn't answer your question, but:	First, I'll answer your question.
0	The key is you have to find something that works for you, and your goals.	You check how important it is for you and your boss that you go to the seminar.
0	Can you do this?	You can do it, too.
0	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	You have to decide how much you want to demand, and what unmet demands you can live with.
2	I think the answer that we don't know.	I think, the answer is yet: We don't know.
2	You answered your own question.	I think you already answered your own question.
2	It depends on what they are.	It depends on the instrument.
2	It rather depends on which country you're in.	It depends on funding.
2	It's not a good idea.	This is probably not a good idea but I will suggest it anyhow.
2	Depends a bit on your furnace.	This really depends on your twins.
2	I think this is a good question to ponder after a good workout.	I think there's a good solution to this.
2	Is this a scam?	is it this one?
2	How I should pay the due amount? 	So how should I do this?
2	This is not a good idea.	The fridge is not a good wine cellar.
2	And I think its a good way to deal with situation like this.	This is something I needed to deal with.
2	Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	If you do want to help but want to be paid.
2	I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious.	If they're worth that, I hire them and if not, I don't.
2	I think it probably depends on your money.	This depends on your environment.
2	It depends on what you want to have in your tank.	i think it depends what you want:
5	Totally an opinion here but I have to agree with MGOwen's answer above.	I agree with all of the above but here's another.
5	It depends on the room temperature where you live.	It depends on the employer.
5	The answer depends on where you are.	This depends on where you are.
5	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	It looks like you'll have to learn enough English syntax to do what you need.
5	The short answer is: it should not.	Short answer It varies.
5	2. You may need to see a councilor to help you with the child situation.	When you return to the problem, you are able to take a logical approach to it.
5	You can do it, too.	Yes, you can do it.
1	I've had this same problem.	I had this problem too.
1	Or I have been.	I have been on both sides of the equation.
1	This is not a good idea.	This is not uncommon in a water heater.
1	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	She shouldn't take to you like that and do these things you're right.
1	You should do it.	You can do it, too.
4	Hope this is what you are looking for.	Healthy competition is the magic word you are looking for.
4	Yes... on all the above.	All of the answers above are good.
4	You could try BerlinLinienBus.	You can try SplashMoney.
4	You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	You'll have to determine what kind of relationship you have with your boss to see what is appropriate.
4	As far as I know there is no such law.	There is no such index.
4	How do you do that?	You will do that for your child?
4	You will need about 1 inch.	You will need FOUR conductors.
4	This information is not true.	Under perfect conditions this is not true.
4	I agree with the other comments.	I agree with the other answers.
4	You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	You have to know what you want to do.
4	If you want to be a manager, that's another story.	When you read a fictional story, you should be able to imagine what is going on.
4	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	rmkilc, what you want to do in principle is FINE.
4	You have a problem.	If you have papers.
4	I don't think it makes any tremendous difference.	Nowadays, I really don't think it makes any difference whatsoever.
4	I have few suggestions for you:	I have two suggestions for you:
1	As far as I know there is no such law.	No, there's nothing to that as far as I know.
1	It really doesn't matter.	So actually it didn't matter.
1	You want to start in the room that is the largest to make sure you have the straightest start.	You will have to start with the clinic., and maybe move on to the insurance company.
1	It's pretty much up to you.	It's not up to her any more what you do.
1	Depends on the loan.	It depends on how the cheese is made.
1	There's no rule against it.	There is really no reason against immunisation.
1	The answer depends on where you are.	Depends on the legal environment where you are.
1	It depends on what they are.	It surely depends on the field we are talking about.
1	if you don't want to derail the meeting, but the key is to speak up.	The key thing you need to do in this meeting is listen.
1	It really depends on how the employer documents it.	It depends on how bad the wall is.
1	As far as I know, there are no ATMs that require a chip card.	As far as I know there is no such law.
1	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	You'll have to determine what kind of relationship you have with your boss to see what is appropriate.
1	Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know.	My answer to your question is "Probably Not".
4	As soon as possible.	Start them as early as possible.
1	Personally I wouldn't!	I have personally verified this!
1	The answer depends on where you are.	In Thailand, it depends on where you'll be going.
1	Hope this is what you are looking for.	What you are looking for is "lazy susan hardware"
1	Make sure that you collect references on your way out.	Make sure that you get your money.
1	I think it's fine to ask this question.	So I think it up to you.
1	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	Remember this is your degree we are talking about, its up to you what you want to do.
1	You don't have to know.	They don't even have to be about you.
1	What day do you want me to start? 	Do you want to know the answer?
1	Yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.	Yes, there is a reason for it.
1	You could try BerlinLinienBus.	You can try Con-x-ion.
1	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.
5	It depends on what you want to have in your tank.	It really depends on how much time you have to prepare.
5	And if you're holding in a Roth IRA, you get that tax free.	Consider the tax bracket that you would be in if you rolled your traditional IRA into a Roth IRA.
5	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	It is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do.
5	The answer to both questions is: Yes.	The answer to both of your questions is yes.
4	It really doesn't matter.	It shouldn't matter all that much.
4	Try something with the following format: mm/dd/yyyy 	Try some of the following:
4	To give this an answer:	I'll answer this question:
4	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	So, I think you don't need to explicitly state the code copyright in the paper.
4	Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know.	Sorry, I don't know the answer to your question.
4	The rule - When in doubt throw it out!	I always go by the rule "When in doubt, throw it out!
4	I can think of a couple of options off the top of my head:	Off the top of my head I can think of three options:
4	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	Find what you like to read.
4	The answer depends on where you are.	It depends on you.
4	Hope this is what you are looking for.	The movie you are looking for is probably Infested.
4	This depends on what exactly you're applying for.	It depends on what you're going for, really.
4	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	AFAIK, you don't even need the glue, though I'd probably use it myself.
4	I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious.	Only do this if you know your job is safe.
4	I think you should do both.	I don't think you should.
4	I believe the name of the movie you are looking for is Poltergeist 3.	I believe you are looking for a round-the-world ticket.
4	All of the previous answers are good.	All of the answers above are good.
4	This is not a good idea.	This is a difficult one.
4	You don't need to know everything.	No you don't need to do anything special.
4	This is not a good idea.	This sound like a very bad idea.
3	What kind of IRA?	What kind of floors are above?
3	The cymbals don't have to be expensive.	You don't have to worry.
3	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	If it doesn't work for you, don't accept it.
3	Yes, it's probably a good idea to renew your passport.	It's a good idea.
4	There is no official government page.	There is no such index.
4	You have a problem.	You don't have a problem.
4	Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	Then decide if you really want to get involved and how you want to approach it.
4	You don't have to know.	You don't have to retire.
4	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	I must ask you, are you sure this is what you want to do?
4	This problem is one that I commonly come across.	I had this problem with one cat.
4	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	If you can't play it or test it out, do not buy.
4	Why don't you just lock it to something?	Is it that you can't or that you don't want to do it? 
4	if you don't want to derail the meeting, but the key is to speak up.	But the solution to the problem is that you don't need to.
4	See Wikipedia for average weather stats.	See also Wikipedia for this period.
4	I think it probably depends on your money.	I think it depends on the dish.
4	I think it probably depends on your money.	I think it depends on your broker.
4	The answer depends on where you are.	I think partially the answer depends on what you type.
4	There is some info about this on Wikipedia, but I'm not sure how acurate it is.	(This is a possible explanation, but I'm not crazy about it.
4	If you don't do that you're a bad supervisor and you're not serving him well.	Don't tell him you're recommending him if you aren't going to.
4	It probably depends on the cut of meat.	It depends on the meat and how it's cut.
0	This is not a good idea.	This is a good one.
0	English is really widespread, so that would be your best bet.	Your best bet is research.
0	Some things you might consider:	A couple things to consider:
0	Yes, you have to file a tax return in Canada.	Yes, you need to file a tax return.
0	The movie you are looking for is probably Infested.	I think the  movie you are looking for is Bandidas.
0	You will think you want to fret a not a lot harder than you actually need to.	If you still want to make your own bread, you may want to purchase a bread-maker.
0	I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious.	You should always respond, even if only to say you aren't looking at this time.
0	Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	If you want to really find your style, you have to work for it.
0	It's not a good idea.	It's a good question.
0	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	You have not quite mentioned what kind of work you would want to do.
0	Do you have a car?	Do you have a large plastic container?
0	You may need to step in and mentor him on how to do something.	You need to pick how and where you want to place your foot and do it.
0	I would suggest that you try ClearCheckbook.	I would suggest that you not violate FERPA.
0	It's pretty much up to you.	It's much better to ask.
1	If you're going to say "No", do it as you're doing here.	If you're inclined to say "no", you must have good reasons.
1	Depends on what's causing the cramps.	Depends on what your goal is.
1	I think you should do both.	I don't think you can.
1	Yes, there is a reason for it.	Yes, that is exactly what it means.
4	I don't think that there's any.	Honestly I don't think they had sex.
4	It's a good idea to tailor your CV and/or resume to each position you apply for.	It is always best to customize your resume anyway for each job you apply for.
4	So I don't think you need to put it on the cover.	So if you do know the address, it's best to put it down.
4	Don't worry too much about music theory yet.	It's just a general guideline, don't worry about it too much.
4	I think it would.	I think you will find it hard to do.
4	There is a very good book called On Food and Cooking, by Harold McGee.	Harold McGee's On Food and Cooking for a start.
4	You don't have to worry.	You definitely don't have to.
4	I have few suggestions for you:	I have three recommendations for you:
4	Have you tried asking your employees?	Have you tried asking?
5	If you consistently maintain a caloric deficit, you will lose it.	If you cough during a performance, you will lose points.
5	In the end, there is nothing you can do if he's not willing to cooperate.	You're not in the US, so there's nothing to effectively connect your income to.
5	You don't need to know everything.	They really don't need to know.
5	There are a few things you can do: 	There are a couple things you can do which will help:
5	Do you have a kid's sized table?	Do you have a car?
5	I would even venture to say that it is THE question.	I would say that it is something to avoid.
5	You guys are making this all WAAAAAY too complicated.	You are making this too complicated.
2	It is possible, but I'm not aware of any evidence for it.	I'm not aware of any studies either way, but it seems unlikely.
2	I have this habit as well.	I have noticed this as well.
2	You don't have to know.	You have no need to do anything.
4	You don't need any visa.	I don't think that there's any.
4	It's all about diet and exercise.	It's all about conventions.
4	There are two things to consider:	There are two possible causes for this:
0	I think it probably depends on your money.	Depends on your time scale, but generally, I don't think it would work.
0	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	If you're not starving, don't ever apply for the job you don't really want.
0	You shouldn't feel any obligation at all.	Shouldn't do you any harm at all.
0	If you don't do that you're a bad supervisor and you're not serving him well.	If you're not starving, don't ever apply for the job you don't really want.
0	You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	You don't have to leave to see what others will pay you.
0	You should do it.	If you want to do it you should do it completely.
0	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	It simply, and obviously, depends on what you want to spend your money on.
0	That is your problem, not your supervisor's.	Your problem is not your supervisors.
0	I had the same issue and it turned out to be air in the system.	We had this problem and it turned out to be the thermal fuse.
0	I would say that in a situation like this, communication is paramount.	So I would say that that is in fact a myth.
0	There is no maximum.	There is no such index.
0	Work into it slowly.	It seems to work.
2	You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	You need to decide what you want to learn first.
2	The more you do it, the faster you will be.	The more you have, the less likely you will be upside down.
2	I'm sure that this has been asked here but I can't find the answer.	This question has been asked before. I don't think I can improve on that answer.
2	Yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.	Yes, you have to do both.
2	You can buy it on amazon for $5.	You can buy it on ebay for $25 and up.
1	No, I don't think you should contact the editor.	I think you should do both.
1	Yes, there is a rule against this.	Yes, it is a real issue.
1	I'm not 100% sure, but it sounds like you're referring to Explorers.	I'm not 100% sure I understand your question but I'll try to answer it anyway.
1	The coffee simply picks up the aluminum from the pot, as the coffee is acidic.	One idea is cleaning the coffee residue from the coffee pot.
0	The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.	This is only a good thing if it motivates you to do the things to get better.
0	I think it is depends on the program.	i think it depends what you want:
0	There are two ways to start with: plunging and dripping.	There are two traditional ways to bend wood:
2	The hard answer is a straight no.	The simple answer is no.
2	There are a few things you can do: 	There are two things you can definitely do:
2	You might have to try a variety before you find one that clicks with him.	My advice would be to try a variety of coffees that you can afford and find one you like.
5	A few other reasons, which are less glamorous:	The top few possible reasons are:
5	I don't think you can re-use the bones and expect to get a good product, no.	My recommendation is not to say anything, and do the best you can.
5	No it can't.	Maybe it doesn't.
5	Yes, there is a rule against this.	Yes, there is a reason for it.
5	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	It depends what you want to do with them.
5	If you don't do that you're a bad supervisor and you're not serving him well.	You don't want jobs you're not a good fit for.
5	It's not a good idea.	It is not a good idea.
1	The key is you have to find something that works for you, and your goals.	But it is different for everyone, so you will have to find that out yourself.
1	If you haven't, you should.	If it doesn't, then you might have damaged the coax.
1	The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.	The best thing that you can do is helping him.
1	There is no maximum.	There is no reason to worry.
1	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	They can, but the way to do it depends on what you have available.
3	I had the same issue and it turned out to be air in the system.	I had the same issue.
3	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	You don't need to read the book to know what GTD is or even how to use it.
3	I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised.	You could probably do it, but it wouldn't be very effective.
3	Yes, you should mention your experience.	Yes, you should mention it.
2	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	Yes, you can do exactly what you want to do.
2	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	In that case, you should have pretty strong control over what you want to do.
2	I think there isn't a general answer.	I don't think there is a single answer here.
2	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	So don't fret it if you can't, but try to work it in.
2	The movie you are looking for is probably Infested.	I believe the name of the movie you are looking for is Poltergeist 3.
2	If you want to install it yourself, great.	If you want to improve your skills in something, identify it.
2	Interesting article, thanks for the link.	Thanks for the suggestions.
2	Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	If you focus on what you want to do, you'll find an employer that needs that.
2	At the end of the day you have to make him work for you.	You should go to him the first day you don't have work not the tenth.
2	As far as I know there is no such law.	As far as I know there is no such website or app that allows to book last-minute cheap flights.
2	You don't have to worry.	I don't think you have much to worry about.
2	If you haven't, you should.	If you don't do it, you go to bed early.
2	From what I understand this is what you can do :	Can you do this?
5	Take a look at these:	Take a look at this: 
2	So I don't think you need to put it on the cover.	It is possible to cover it with shredded newspaper, but I don't think you'd want to.
2	If you don't do it, you go to bed early.	You should, but you don't have to.
2	If you intern with them it is likely you will want to work for them after you graduate.	If you don't ask for what you want, you will not likely get it.
2	What kind of insulation is it?	What kind of stone is it?
2	This should help, it's not precisely exact, but you can probably figure it out from here.	I can tell you where it comes from, but not why it's the way it is.
2	You could try BerlinLinienBus.	You can try manager.io.
2	I had the same problem as you.	I had the same situation as you.
2	I believe you would be DQ'd if you were to use it.	I would think you'd be able to.
2	The last thing I would look closer is that the one you are asking actually.	The number one thing that I would advise you to expect is the unexpected.
2	How quickly are you using the eggs?	are you using the new Basecamp?
2	I do not think there's any appreciable difference.	I don't think it makes much difference.
2	You could try BerlinLinienBus.	You could try http://caloriecount.about.com.
2	No, you do not NEED a bread machine.	No, you should not worry.
2	I'd say it primarily depends on two things:	I'd say it depends on the ultimate outcome you want?
1	Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	If you are going to Thailand because of work, you can try to get it approved.
1	I am not sure this is the right site for the question.	I am sure this is more phylosophical and ethical question than it seems.
1	What are your goals?	Yes you can do that, but it depends what your goals are.
1	It sounds like you just undercooked them.	Sounds an like you may just need more flour.
1	Some of what you can do:	Not much you can do besides:
5	This is not a good idea.	But it is not a good idea.
0	If the code base that you have to deal with is no good, they know about that.	The difficulty with that is that you have to know what your own terms are.
0	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	If nothing happens, you need to sit down and think about what you want to do next.
0	Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	If they request to know why you want a copy, you want it for your personal records.
0	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	It depends on what you want to have in your tank.
0	Obviously, the best book for you depends a lot on what you are looking for.	It really depends on what you are looking for.
0	The answers so far are already good, but I'd like to add a map for Switzerland:	You have a lot of answers already, but I'd like to add Curries as another solutions.
5	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	Don't worry, you can do it.
5	How much it will help depends on the temperature of the water and the environment the tank is in.	How this will perform will depend a lot on the temperature of the room it is in.
5	There are three options:	There are two options here:
5	From what I understand this is what you can do :	This is how you should understand what a resume is & what a cover letter is:
5	There are a few things you can do: 	I can think of a few things that you should not look for:
5	This depends on what exactly you're applying for.	It depends on what you are reading.
5	I was in a similar situation.	I had a similar situation.
5	This depends on the particular index, of course.	This depends highly on the genre.
5	I won't try to describe it, but here's how I would go about it:	I don't think it's going to be critical but when in doubt: PL.
5	Get a lot of sleep.	That's not a lot of depth.
5	I think you should do both.	You should do both.
5	To give this an answer:	I've got an answer:
5	I think it depends on the deadline the offering school gave you.	I think it is depends on the program.
5	Healthy competition is the magic word you are looking for.	The movie you are looking for is probably Infested.
5	I've had this same problem.	I had this same problem.
0	There is no maximum.	There is no quarantine period.
2	I am not sure this is the right site for the question.	I am not sure this question would have made much sense to the Romans themselves.
4	It depends on what they are.	It depends on how the cheese is made.
4	My opinion is that I don't think you should force the issue.	I don't think preservation is the issue you want to worry about, it is taste.
4	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	In other words, it depends on where you go, when you do there and how.
0	It all depends on you!!	It depends on your country.
0	You can do it, too.	If you have too much to do, you turn it down.
0	In the end you have to show people how things will work.	The wiring you show will work.
0	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	Yes, you should create a portfolio site to showcase what you can do and what you've done.
2	If you don't want to work with them on graduation, then cooperate fully with their request.	If there are recurring problems with students, then you don't want to work for this professor.
2	There is no reason not to do them on the same day.	There is no reason to worry.
2	You are not disclosing key info.	No you are not.
3	If you don't do it, you go to bed early.	And you don't have to do it at same days when you go to gym, obviously.
3	You do not need to worry.	You do not need to start an email with a salutation.
3	As soon as possible.	Get help as soon as possible.
3	It very much depends on the grant in question.	It depends on the show in question.
3	I think it is depends on the program.	It depends on how bad the wall is.
3	Primer/paint will not work.	It's not ideal but will probably work.
3	I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised.	Actually, I don't want to assume and just tell you what I think would be allowed/disallowed.
3	You don't have to worry.	You don't have to configure anything.
3	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	I guess it depends on what you're going to do.
0	Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know.	This is not a direct answer to your question.
0	The answer to both questions is: Yes.	The answer to this is yes: avoid meat-based broth.
0	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	It is his job to see that you have what you need to do your job.
3	I'd put it this way:	This is what I'd do:
3	I have the same thing.	I have the exact same issue.
3	I believe the term you're looking for is Chibi	The word you're looking for is Atonal
3	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	You have to do what is right for you.
3	There's not a lot you can do about that.	There's a couple practical things that can help.
3	Most likely this is an "it depends".	That is the most "fair" way to do it.
3	This answer actually has two parts:	The solution has two parts.
3	I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious.	I think you know what a check is even if you don't use them, right?
3	I read a lot of non-fiction books and i read it only once.	I read a lot of papers and some books about.
3	Maybe everyone knew about this, and she was the only one who didn’t.	AFAIR this didn’t happen in the book.
3	I think you really have to ask yourself if its worth it, the risk/reward.	If you have the authority to do it yourself, then do it today.
3	You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	Again, this is where YOU get to find out what YOU want to know about THEM.
3	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	I think you don't have many rights in this case.
3	I don't think that there's any.	I don't think there's much you can do.
3	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	It depends on what you want to achieve.
1	At the end of the day you have to make him work for you.	At the end of the day, sitting is still really bad for you even if you exercise later.
1	It depends on a position, not person.	It depends on your country.
1	It is almost as if you are sleeping, but you are not.	), but it is not.
1	This is a problem that the professor has to deal with.	This is a big problem.
3	If you do not have one that is fine, no one would expect you to have written much.	Unfortunately I'd say no, not if you still have that much ammonia showing up.
3	If you like the work, the people and how much your bringing home then stick with it.	If he is getting in the way of your work, then bring it up to you boss.
3	This is a very unusual request.	This sounds a bit unusual.
2	This should not be an issue in big stations.	Travel in Europe should not be a big issue either.
2	There are a few things you can do: 	There are a few adjustments you can try:
2	What day do you want me to start? 	It depends what you want to do with them.
2	You have not indicate your country of residence or that of your friend.	You indicate in your comments that your hamster does not have hay.
2	I don't think there's any reason other than historical chance.	I don't think that there's any.
2	Don't worry too much about music theory yet.	I wouldn't worry too much about your results not matching the picture.
2	If she doesn't like it, she can find something for you to do.	I don't think you can make him get a job if he doesn't want to.
2	It very much depends on the grant in question.	I think it depends very much on the area.
4	I don't think that there's any.	I don't see that there's anything wrong.
4	The key is you have to find something that works for you, and your goals.	I think you have to find the balance that works for you.
4	I have the same thing.	I have had the same problem.
0	As for how to drain them, it depends on the type of vegetable.	As to the specifics, it depends on the rest of your training.
0	No it does not affect your ratings.	No it is not.
4	I think it would.	So think it in this way.
4	I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious.	I don't know if your boss is trying to help you or not.
4	You don't need to know everything.	You do not need to worry.
4	My answer to your question is "Probably Not".	I think that the short  answer to your question is: No.
4	You don't have to know.	You have to know what you want to do.
4	Have you tried asking your employees?	Have you tried your local beggar?
4	Sure, you have advisors, but they can only guess what is going to be.	You do not tell if you were required to be at that meeting, but I assume so.
4	Moisture-release is not a result of the cooking process but of the quality of the chicken.	The alcohol is not added, but is a result of the fermentation process.
4	It probably depends on the location and how much room you have to work with.	It depends on how much work you want to do.
4	I think you're well on your way there.	I think you're actually in luck.
4	I never worry about this.	I have never done this.
4	If that is the case then you cannot bury it.	If this is the case then I don't know if you could make bread out of it predominantly.
4	I don't think it makes any tremendous difference.	I don't think it makes much difference.
2	If you haven't, you should.	If you feel you have too many commas, you do.
2	I think it's just a habit.	It's probably just a broken switch.
2	There are a few things you can do: 	There are two things to consider:
2	It depends on what they are.	It depends on what they are evaluating, and how.
2	Did you overcook it?	Where did you look?
2	There's not a lot you can do about that.	There's not that much that you can do with a sourdough starter.
5	If you don't do that you're a bad supervisor and you're not serving him well.	If they don't fire you, you are now working hours that you like.
5	I think you should do both.	Do you think I should keep it secret or not? 
5	If you will have 60 credits it is up to the employer.	It is up to you.
5	Vinegar does a couple of things.	A couple things to consider:
5	You answered your own question.	You have answered your own question.
2	You should do it.	What should you do?
2	There are two things to consider:	There are two traditional ways to bend wood:
2	Turn off the main breaker.	Just turn the breaker off.
2	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	Th answer to you problem is that you dont actually know what you're getting in .
2	Yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.	Another thing, when you find a job, it is not always exactly what you wanted to do.
2	I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious.	If, however, you don't think that you can do the job - don't apply.
2	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	You don't need a program, you need people already doing it to join with.
2	Recently, I have had a very similar situation occur.	I had a similar situation.
2	It depends on what you want to have in your tank.	It depends on what you want to get out of your career.
2	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	It depends on what you want, really.
2	It depends on a position, not person.	It depends on what they are.
2	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	I don't want to tell you what to do, but 13 is older than you think.
2	This is not a good idea.	This is a really good question.
2	This is not a good idea.	This is probably not a good idea but I will suggest it anyhow.
0	The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.	My recommendation is not to say anything, and do the best you can.
2	Do you have a car?	Do you have a team/company wiki?
2	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	If you do it, be sure to read what you sign.
2	There are two things to consider:	There are probably two main things to consider:
2	I'd say it primarily depends on two things:	I'd say it depends what conditions you have.
0	Obviously, the best book for you depends a lot on what you are looking for.	I think it depends on what kind of job you are looking for.
0	All of the answers above are good.	All the answers above are all correct.
0	I won't try to describe it, but here's how I would go about it:	I really don't know about will it help you, but here is what I do:
0	Of course you can store them in the fridge.	You can drop them a line with the correct answers, of course.
0	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	But I don't think you'll find that in a restaurant.
0	It depends on how it's used.	It depends on how you use it.
0	You could try BerlinLinienBus.	You might try Mapex.
0	I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious.	You do not tell if you were required to be at that meeting, but I assume so.
0	If the property is good, go for it.	I would go for it.
0	Most likely it is shiplap.	First and most likely, it is simply historical.
0	It depends on what they are.	It totally depends what you are doing with it.
0	It is very important to understand the culture of the place you work.	I think it is important to understand the environment in the rest of Europe at that time.
0	You don't have to know.	You don't have to do anything to season it.
2	I have the same thing.	I have the same situation and have traveled extensively.
4	I think it is depends on the program.	It depends on how the film is viewed as a whole.
4	This is a problem that the professor has to deal with.	This is a difficult issue to deal with.
4	It's not a good idea.	I do not think it's a good idea.
4	You are on the right path.	You are right on the mark.
1	It's all in her head.	It's all about conventions.
1	You don't have to know.	The company isn't going to compensate you if you don't have anything to offer.
1	This doesn't answer your question, but:	This is a part answer to your question
4	Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	You may want it, but the process given to you is what you have to work within.
4	I have been to Dhaka many, many times.	I have applied thinset over paint many many times.
4	You need to add this to your resume because it is the only position you have had.	It is his job to see that you have what you need to do your job.
4	I would say yes, but don't expect miracles.	I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised.
4	Hope this is what you are looking for.	Is this what you are looking for?
4	Some people do not like it if you begin your letter with "I".	I don't know if it's "common" or not.
4	I don't think that there's any.	I don't think there's any real technique for this.
4	You don't have to know.	You don't have to prepay.
4	How should I proceed about this?	So how should I do this?
4	The more you do it, the faster you will be.	The more you sweat, the faster you will burn calories and fat.
4	Does this page answer your question?	Does this answer your questions?
2	It depends on what they are.	It depends on how bad the wall is.
2	I don't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever.	I don't see why should there be such a right.
2	You can use it, too.	You can still use it for practice.
2	Here's the issue as I see it.	I can see HR's concern here.
2	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	In this case I think it's best to first ask for permission to ask.
2	If you haven't, you should.	If you ask, you may not get but if you don't ask, you don't get.
2	You can use it, too.	Yes, you can use a bass bow.
2	There is nothing new in what you describe.	There is nothing wrong in dressing formal.
2	My answer to your question is "Probably Not".	The almost universal answer for this question is "Talk to your adviser".
2	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	However, I don't think there's much you can do about it, either.
2	You don't have to know.	You have to do them low and slow.
2	In the end, It's all about how you present it if questioned in an Interview.	It's not going to be a problem if you can talk about it in the interview.
2	I wouldn't give them detail about what you'll be doing, for who, or where.	Actually, I don't want to assume and just tell you what I think would be allowed/disallowed.
2	I think you should do both.	I think you will find it hard to do.
2	That depends on who you ask.	That depends on the school and the kid.
2	I think it probably depends on your money.	I think this depends on the type of Gorgonzola.
2	I think it's just a habit.	It's actually just a minor third.
2	I agree with Jolenealaska.	I agree with SAJ14SAJ.
2	You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	First, you need to decide what type of squat you want to do:
2	There are a few things I think you should do.	I don't think there's much you can do.
2	You don't have to know.	You should, but you don't have to.
2	Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	If you can not find the problem, you really need to call in an electrician.
2	It really depends on how the employer documents it.	It depends how you're stating it.
2	I've had this same problem.	I've had this problem while working in a pubs.
0	Generally speaking, the slope of anything involving a house should be away from the house.	Slope the ground away from the house, forget the paint.
0	It depends entirely on your company and your contract.	It depends on your country.
0	The more you do it, the faster you will be.	The sooner you do it the easier it will be.
0	I've had this same problem.	I have had this problem.
0	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	You should tell a good story and sometimes you have to tweak reality/history to do so.
3	It depends on how it's used.	It depends on how the film is viewed as a whole.
3	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	If it adheres well, then you know what you'll have to do.
3	I do this as well.	This can work well.
3	If you haven't, you should.	You can, but you probably shouldn't.
3	I think either version will be fine.	I think it will be useful
3	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	If you think the product isn't what you want, don't buy it.
3	Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	If you forget to mention something, you'll need to spot a chance to work it in later.
3	I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious.	Unless this is someone you know already, I'd say that you probably shouldn't ask.
3	What kind of insulation is it?	What kind of homework is it?
3	What does your contract say?	What makes you say that?
3	If you are a beginner and want to stain it, I would suggest you go with solid wood.	I think you have a plan, and if you stick to it you should be doing good.
3	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	If, however, you don't think that you can do the job - don't apply.
3	There is no reason not to do them on the same day.	Yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.
3	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	It depends on what you want to be able to do.
1	It's pretty much up to you.	Really it's up to you.
1	Sure, you have advisors, but they can only guess what is going to be.	As to what you can do, probably not much.
1	It depends on what they are.	It all depends on context.
1	Yes, you have to file a tax return in Canada.	You are not required to file a tax return in Canada if you have no taxable income.
5	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	But really, it depends on how you plan to use it.
5	I don't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever.	I don't see why that should be a problem.
1	It is possible, but I'm not aware of any evidence for it.	There really isn't any good ways that I'm aware of.
1	I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised.	If you don't mind the extra weight, I would say definitely go for it.
1	I think there's a good solution to this.	I think this is a common situation.
1	It depends a bit on the programme, but the general answer is "stick to the 1000".	The answer to the question in the title of your post is, "it depends."
1	To my mind, it's a matter of how "big a break" you want.	In my mind it's a case of "do what you like".
1	Hope this is what you are looking for.	If what you are looking for is much higher, they get the picture.
0	It depends on what they are.	It depends on how they are dried.
0	There is no reason to worry.	Yes, there is a reason for it.
0	There are a few things you can do: 	There are several things you can do:
0	Yes, that is precisely correct.	Yes, that is the supply line.
0	I study in a university and live in its hostel.	I have stayed in a hostel in Switzerland.
0	I think it probably depends on your money.	I guess it really depends on your own beliefs and situation.
0	The answer to your question is Gotye "Easy Way Out"	The answer to your question is not really.
0	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	If you want to really find your style, you have to work for it.
0	Here is your procedure:	Here is a simple answer:
0	So I don't think you need to put it on the cover.	I don't think you can validate the ticket on the train itself.
0	Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	I want to guarentee you that you'll have a really rough time if you get giardia.
0	I think you should do both.	Here's what I think you should do.
0	I've been researching for years.	I've looked for them.
0	The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.	The best thing to do is to overcome the fussiness.
2	Could it be The Cell from 2000?	Could it be Ark?
2	There are a few things you can do: 	There are a few things I don't understand:
2	I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised.	I wouldn't say it is necessarily wrong, but it would be a little strange.
2	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	If it adheres well, then you know what you'll have to do.
2	It depends on the dish and how amenable it is at the stage you make the mistake.	It depends on the sauce and the result you want.
2	I believe the name of the movie you are looking for is Poltergeist 3.	The answer you are looking for is in the name of the building.
2	How much tax do I have to pay? 	Do you have to legally pay for it?
2	Yes, there is a reason for it.	Yes, it is a real issue.
2	The more you weigh, the harder it is on your back.	The bigger it is, the more you want to do it.
2	It depends on how it's used.	It depends on how many calories you consume.
2	I think you're looking for Mikey (1992).	I think you're looking for Awaken (2012).
2	It varies by the situation.	It varies a lot - and by type of writing.
2	You don't have to know.	If you don't know, get an electrician.
2	So how should I do this?	What should you do?
2	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	Know what roles you want to go for, versus the ones that you don't.
2	I've used pandoc for this problem previously and it worked pretty well.	Seems to work pretty well, although I've mostly used it for cutting.
2	I think there isn't a general answer.	I don't think there is a general accepted definition.
2	But in general, the longer the snippet you want to reuse, the worse the idea it is.	In general, the larger/heaver the items, the more it costs no matter how you send it.
2	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	You have to do what is right for you.
0	It's not a good idea.	Probably not a good idea.
0	You PROBABLY don't have any chance at the moment.	Saying "thanks, I don't have any questions at the moment."
3	You don't need to know everything.	So I don't think you need to put it on the cover.
3	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	The mentor will have to know you well to tell you what is best for you.
3	I do this with lots of foods that are hard to separate after freezing.	There are lots of ways to do this.
3	It depends on the room temperature where you live.	Depends on the legal environment where you are.
3	As far as I know there is no such law.	Self defense is legal as far as I know.
3	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	You do not have to do it and there is no need to do it.
3	If that is the case then you cannot bury it.	If the environment is such that it is inappropriate, you can always take it off.
3	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	Some situations require you to use the thumb, but I don't think this is the case.
3	You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	What you need is a good reason to get out of bed.
3	There is no test that can tell you if it is sealed or not.	If that is the case then you cannot bury it.
3	It really doesn't matter.	It doesn't matter unless it is really far off.
3	You don't need to know everything.	You don't have to know.
3	Is it the easiest pan to use?	Is it dependent on the food in the pan?
3	I think it is depends on the program.	Depends on the program and FF status.
3	The answer depends on where you are.	Partly depends on where you are going.
3	Short answer moisture and salts.	Short answer It varies.
3	I'm a huge fan of the vintage glass bowl/reamer combination.	I'm a huge fan of the Fisher Space Pen.
3	I don't think you can re-use the bones and expect to get a good product, no.	(But for that, I don't think you have to do them in the morning.
3	Interesting question but ultimately the answer is no.	The simple answer is no.
3	the best thing to do with toddlers when it comes to food is to stop caring.	The best way to learn is to do it.
3	I'm not a fan of the test kits.	I'm a huge fan of the Fisher Space Pen.
3	If this is the case, you really don't need to be as worried about steak.	There isn't anything you need to do about this.
3	I've been researching for years.	I've been using polyurethane for 40 years or more.
3	I think you can get away with thinset here.	As low as you can get away with.
3	You don't have to know.	You PROBABLY don't have any chance at the moment.
3	It depends on how it's used.	It depends how you're stating it.
3	The answer was a no.	Interesting question but ultimately the answer is no.
3	How do you do that?	How many do you need to do?
3	I am not entirely sure this is the right place to answer those questions.	I am not sure this is the right site for the question.
3	I think you're looking for Mikey (1992).	I think you're looking for the movie
5	Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	If you don't ask for what you want, you will not likely get it.
5	My opinion is that I don't think you should force the issue.	No, I don't think you should contact the editor.
5	It rather depends on which country you're in.	This depends on the country.
5	It makes absolutely NO difference.	No, it makes no difference.
5	If this is the case, you really don't need to be as worried about steak.	So if that's what you need, you really do have to be explicit about it.
5	I think it is depends on the program.	I think this depends on the type of Gorgonzola.
5	You don't need to know everything.	If you don't know, get an electrician.
5	Can you do this?	What should I do about this? 
5	I don't think that there's any.	I don't think this will work very well.
5	How do you do that?	Can you do this?
5	I don't think that there's any.	I really don't think there's any significance to that.
5	I agree with Jolenealaska.	I agree with phil above.
5	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	Share it if you want to, don't share it if you don't want to.
5	I think it's fine to ask this question.	I think it is okay to ask the question.
4	I'm going to be very direct here.	I'm going to be blunt, here: You don't.
1	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	Yes, you can do exactly what you want to do.
0	The more you do it, the faster you will be.	The heavier you can lift, the better your technique has to be to do it.
0	It could be that the roof is fine and the water is coming from elsewhere.	The problem is that air must be removed so that the food is not insulated from the water.
0	I don't think that word means what you think it means.	I don't think it makes much difference.
0	What kind of insulation is it?	What kind of form is it?
0	So I don't think you need to put it on the cover.	I don't think you should.
0	I agree with everything Reven said.	I agree with Jolenealaska.
0	I don't think that there's any.	I don't think there's necessarily a connection issue.
0	Yes, you should mention your experience.	Yes, you should include all of your relevant experience. 
0	It depends on what they are.	It depends on your country.
0	The more you do it, the faster you will be.	It will become easier the more you do it.
0	I don't think there are any web based tools that would allow you to do this.	I don't think there is any other solution that the one you are adopting.
0	Interesting series of questions, but I'm afraid I don't have an answer to all of them.	I'm afraid I don't have an answer to the salt question.
0	I had the same problem as you.	I had the same question as well.
0	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	You may have to experiment and find what you like.
0	That said, I'm guessing the answer is "no".	I'm a bit confused to the "no brainer" type of question that this is.
0	You should do it.	You should prime it first.
5	I told her that he did, if she wanted to believe in him.	My conclusion was that, if he had wanted to kill her he would have.
5	It's not the size of the cup, it's the amount of coffee in it.	It's the order of pouring, not how the drink looks.
5	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	I wouldn't do it, particularly on the first day.
5	There's not a lot you can do about that.	I'm afraid there's not really a lot you can do.
0	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	If, however, you don't think that you can do the job - don't apply.
0	This very much depends on your institution and your professor.	This really depends on your twins.
0	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	You don't have to leave to see what others will pay you.
0	What kind of insulation is it?	What kind of floors are above?
4	As far as I know there is no such law.	As far as I know, there is no legal standard for a check.
4	I don't know the credentials of this site, so take it with a grain of salt.	If this isn't the case, then take with a grain of salt.
4	If she doesn't like it, she can find something for you to do.	Tell her, if she doesn't want to be, then she's not.
4	It depends on what you want to have in your tank.	It likely depends on what shape you want to store them in.
4	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	It depends on what you want to have in your tank.
4	Sure, you have advisors, but they can only guess what is going to be.	But I think really the only choice you have is to be the best person you can be.
4	As Derrik mentioned, the Sagulator is probably your best bet.	Your best bet is research.
4	It depends entirely on your company and your contract.	I guess it depends on the nature of your contract.
5	You answered your own question.	You've answered your own question already.
3	I agree with the other comments.	I agree with many of the above comments.
3	I've used it but, given a choice, I'll always opt for paper.	I would call it a custard, I think, if not only for want of a better word.
3	The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.	think about what is next best option you can do to excel.
3	You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	Find out what he would need to see from you to accept you on to the team.
3	Sounds like you need to make a 'Visa run'.	Sounds to me like you have a choice.
3	I've had this same problem.	I have this problem, too.
3	The answer depends on where you are.	The answer to this one is 'it depends on you'
3	So how should I do this?	What should I do about this? 
3	You don't have to know.	You definitely don't have to.
3	To directly answer your question: if you like the results with your ratio, it's reasonable.	To answer your question: it depends on the department and if you can find a supervisor.
3	), but it is not.	No, it is not true.
3	I don't think that there's any.	I don't think there is any universal term.
3	There are a few things you can do: 	There are a few minimally-effective things you can do at the personal level.
3	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	But if you don't want to quit, the above are your options, as I see it.
3	There are many ways to structure an introduction.	There are numerous ways.
3	There's not a lot you can do about that.	I don't think there's much you can do.
3	The goal is to get the bowl as empty as possible.	The goal of course is to get the temperature down as quickly as possible.
3	You don't have to worry.	You don't have to retire.
3	In addition to the other answers, there's also a price discrimination component.	In addition to the other answers:
3	This is not a good idea.	This is a good start.
3	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	It depends on how good you want to be.
3	You don't have to worry.	You don't have to know.
3	This is the tip I find most useful:	Something like this is useful:  
2	There is no such index.	There is no reason to worry.
2	That's what I believe.	Yes, I believe it's a good idea.
1	Hope this is what you are looking for.	This is what you are wanting.
1	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	If not, don't do that and spend that time with something you like to do.
0	I would suggest Markdown.	I would suggest dumbbell flys instead.
0	I never worry about this.	I never use it.
0	There are a few things I think you should do.	I think you should do both.
0	I would look at this: U.S.	Take a look at these:
0	It's all in her head.	It's all about adhesion.
2	I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised.	I don't know where you would buy it but it would be really easy to pour it.
2	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	If you do not have a very strong scientific reason to do it, don't.
0	The way you have it is fine.	It is the way you walk.
0	I can think of a couple of options off the top of my head:	Couple possibilities I can think of:
0	Sure, you have advisors, but they can only guess what is going to be.	This isn't a bad thing, but you do need to be aware of the choices you make.
0	This very much depends on your institution and your professor.	It very much depends on the grant in question.
0	I know this is difficult, but it's the only thing that will make things better.	But it's still useful to "just know" them, and that will happen with experience.
0	All of the answers above are good.	The above are all good points.
0	You don't have to worry.	Don't rewrite unless you have to.
0	That makes no sense at all.	This makes perfect sense.
0	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	You have to know what you want to do.
2	I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised.	Personally, I would say not unless it suits you.
5	Depends on your time scale, but generally, I don't think it would work.	I don't know what is better, but I think it depends on where you want to publish.
5	Can you do this?	Can you do it?
3	If they are not willing to give me a solid answer I ask them to call back later.	If they don't respond to e-mail, I'd try to give them a call.
3	Sure, I've  done this very trip.	I've done this many dozens of times.
3	You should do it.	You should go with 3.
3	You can use it, too.	You can do it, too.
5	If you haven't, you should.	If you have papers.
5	I think it probably depends on your money.	Depends on what your goal is.
5	I think you're looking for Mikey (1992).	I'm pretty sure you're looking for Toy Soldiers (1991).
5	I can think of a couple of options off the top of my head:	There are two reasons that I can think of off the top of my head.
5	My opinion is that I don't think you should force the issue.	I think you should do both.
5	I am affraid there is not much you can do.	Not much you can do besides:
5	It's not too unusual.	It's not your money.
5	A few things I learned:	I can think of a few things that you should not look for:
5	How do you do that?	How to do that?
3	Now you don't have to be perfect on every answer.	You don't have to worry.
3	The more you do it, the faster you will be.	The more you do this, the easier it gets.
3	I've located an article that might be of some help: http://www.dsattorney.com/qa-pseudonyms-in-contracts/	I found some link that might be of help to you:
2	It depends on what you want to have in your tank.	It depends on what you mean by "sufficient".
2	I've had this same problem.	I've never had a problem with a full passport.
2	There are many ways to structure an introduction.	There are many synonyms to but.
2	I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised.	I would say it is impossible to know, so don't risk it.
1	Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know.	The answer to your question is not really.
1	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	You don't, it will not work.
5	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	Look - I understand you need to do this quick and you know its wrong to put on vinyl.
5	The movie you are looking for is probably Infested.	The movie you're looking for is most probably Daybreakers.
5	I think it is depends on the program.	I think the answer depends strongly on where the money comes from.
5	What day do you want me to start? 	What do you want us to say?
5	I don't think that there's any.	I don't think that there is any deletion going on.
5	You will have to make some adjustments, but don't let that stop you.	You should, but you don't have to.
5	I think it probably depends on your money.	It really depends on your audience and setting.
5	I think it is depends on the program.	I think it would.
5	There is no reason to worry.	There is really no reason against immunisation.
5	It's also a matter of taste.	It's definitely just a matter of preference.
1	It's not a good idea.	It's a good idea to do both.
2	Have you tried beef consommé ?	Have you tried asking your employees?
2	No it can't.	No, it won't be a problem.
2	I think you're well on your way there.	I think that suits you and your tower well.
2	You can buy it on amazon for $5.	You can buy it separately online for $12.
2	Don't think of it as insurance for you in case you can't pay.	In the first case, I think you don't need it.
2	If they don't reply the thank you, it's neutral, no harm done.	If it's written for the interview, then no, don't.
2	You could try TripIt.	You could try something like chicken thighs.
2	There is a very good book called On Food and Cooking, by Harold McGee.	Harold McGee discusses this in On Food And Cooking.
2	This answer is based on my experience teaching undergraduate math in the US.	This answer is based on experience I did not researched for references.
4	There are a few things I think you should do.	There are quite a few things you would need to do;
0	It depends on what you want to have in your tank.	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.
0	I think it's fine to ask this question.	I think it's a bad idea.
0	There is no reason not to do them on the same day.	There is usually no reason not to include something in a thesis.
0	I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious.	But if you don't want to quit, the above are your options, as I see it.
0	It depends on what you want to have in your tank.	It depends on your country.
0	I think it is depends on the program.	It depends on what they are.
0	The answer depends on where you are.	I think the answer depends widely on where you are looking.
0	You will want to clean the area first.	You will also want to remove the seeds.
2	Buy a new piece to fit.	You could buy a new Fluidmaster.
2	In most cases the purpose of a credit check is to see if there is evidence of character problems.	If the work is in your area of interest/expertise, there is always a potential for conflict of interest.
2	While you claim this is a loan, it may not necessarily be seen as such by the IRS.	It may not be clearly understood by the child as a teaching tool, but it is.
2	You could try something like a Philips SpotOn.	You could try something like chicken thighs.
2	It depends on what you want to have in your tank.	It depends on what you want to achieve.
1	There is no maximum.	There is no correct answer.
1	I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised.	I would say, unless you know it is safe for cats assume it to be poisonous.
1	There are a couple of options that you could consider:	There are a lot of ways that could go poorly for you.
3	There's not a lot you can do about that.	That's not a lot of depth.
3	You don't have to worry.	Since you have one ticket, you don't have to worry.
1	I think you should do both.	I don't think you should be concerned.
1	I think it is the nanny state thing.	I think it is depends on the program.
1	You don't want to alienate your coworkers.	You don't want that to be your first impression.
1	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	Also, are you sure you know what you want to write about?
1	You can do it, too.	You can marinate, or brine it, but you don't need to.
1	You're using the wrong type of screws.	You're thinking about it the wrong way.
1	Make sure it's not too big for you to be able to move.	You're not going to be able to make it out to buy clothes once baby's born.
1	I don't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever.	I don't see why there should be an issue.
1	If you can get your hands on a file, you could modify a screw to be self-drilling.	It could be a ton if you don't use the deductions you can.
1	I run the risk of appearing anti-social and unproductive. 	by doing so I run the risk of appearing anti-social and unproductive 
1	It depends on what you want to have in your tank.	It depends on how good you want to be.
1	I'm not a fan of the test kits.	I'm a big fan of the fledgling online onetsp.com.
1	Vietnamese citizens need a visa to visit the USA.	Nepalese citizens require a visa to visit the UK.
1	It depends on how it's used.	It depends on how long it's been out.
5	You can always go to glycemicindex.com.	Try to always go.
5	The two things you can do to really help here are:	Here are some things you can do to soften the blow:
5	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	I don't know what is better, but I think it depends on where you want to publish.
5	In all probability, you should be able to board the flight.	The HarpAndDragon website should be able to help you.
5	I don't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever.	I don't see why this could be a problem.
5	There's not a lot you can do about that.	I really do not think there is much you can do about that.
5	Can you do this?	Some of what you can do:
5	You got it right.	Yes you got it.
0	I don't think that there's any.	I don't think there's much you can do here.
0	I won't try to describe it, but here's how I would go about it:	Although it's possible to do what you're asking I wouldn't recommend it.
0	You don't have to know.	Since you have one ticket, you don't have to worry.
0	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	Remember this is your degree we are talking about, its up to you what you want to do.
4	How do you do that?	How should you do that?
4	I don't think there are any web based tools that would allow you to do this.	I don't think that there's any.
4	I'm sure that this has been asked here but I can't find the answer.	I'm pretty certain we have a very similar question here, but I can't find it...
4	It probably depends on the cut of meat.	It depends on how bad the wall is.
4	You don't have to know.	You don't have to be happy about.
4	So I don't think you need to put it on the cover.	I don't think it is inappropriate.
4	I think it is depends on the program.	It depends on how the cheese is made.
4	I think there isn't a general answer.	I don't think that there's any.
4	You need to file a quarterly estimated tax payment to do this.	Yes, you need to file a tax return.
4	Depends on the loan.	The answer depends on where you are.
4	Do you need to incorporate?	You do not need to worry.
4	I was in a similar situation.	I am in a similar situation.
0	What matters to you is that the work is not getting done and the deadlines are in danger.	If you aren't getting that, what is the purpose of watching it in the first place.
0	I had the same issue and it turned out to be air in the system.	my fridge had exactly the same problem and it turned out to be a failing relay.
0	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	Yes, you can do exactly what you want to do.
0	This is not a good idea.	It is not a good idea.
0	It is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do.	There is always time to do what you want to do.
0	The cymbals don't have to be expensive.	You don't have to know.
0	What is your lid made of?	What is your paper for?
0	All of the previous answers are good.	All of the answers to date are good.
0	You don't need any visa.	You don't need sauce at all.
2	The answer depends on where you are.	Depends on where you are.
2	It really depends on how the employer documents it.	It really depends on your audience and setting.
2	I had the same problem as you.	I have had the same problem.
2	It's just worn out and not safe.	It's just practice and perseverance.
2	Maybe I'm missing something, but it sounds like you're communicating fairly well.	I'm not 100% sure, but it sounds like you're referring to Explorers.
2	It depends on what you want to have in your tank.	It depends on what you want to be able to do.
2	If you don't do it, you go to bed early.	If you have too much to do, you turn it down.
2	That is your problem, not your supervisor's.	Work with your supervisor and your team to solve the problem.
4	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	It's up to you what you want to do next.
5	It is impossible to answer this question without a form check.	This is a question with no answer.
5	It probably depends on the location and how much room you have to work with.	It depends on the room temperature where you live.
5	It rather depends on which country you're in.	It depends how you're stating it.
5	At the end of the day you have to make him work for you.	First of all, ask yourself if you really want to work for the company in the long run.
5	There are two things to consider:	A couple things to consider:
3	what would be a good way to do this? 	What would the lumber-jack need to be like to make a good story out of this idea?
3	I had the same problem, googled and found these solutions:	I have just had the same problem.
3	It depends entirely on your company and your contract.	It depends on your company.
3	I think it would.	I would not recommend gluing it.
3	So I don't think you need to put it on the cover.	So I think it up to you.
3	I agree with the other comments.	I agree with Jolenealaska.
3	You don't have to know.	Don't rewrite unless you have to.
3	And it's not a qualification.	It's just worn out and not safe.
3	Depends on the loan.	It depends on how bad the wall is.
3	I think it would.	So I think it up to you.
3	I suspect it is to speed up boarding.	It is up to you.
3	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	You need to learn to use Components in SketchUp; they do exactly what you want.
3	I agree with the other comments.	I agree with the others.
3	Vinegar does a couple of things.	A couple of good reasons.
3	What kind of IRA?	What kind of homework is it?
3	What day do you want me to start? 	"How do you want to stop me?
3	I don't think that there's any.	I don't think it makes much difference.
3	There are a few things I think you should do.	I don't think that there's any.
3	It depends on what you want to have in your tank.	Depends on what your goal is.
3	The answer to your question is Gotye "Easy Way Out"	My answer to your question is "Probably Not".
3	I think it probably depends on your money.	It all depends on your goal.
3	The wood probably isn't rotten, it's just worn out.	It's just worn out and not safe.
4	You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	They have different characteristics, and you'll want to decide what's important to you.
4	It really depends on how the employer documents it.	It depends on how the cheese is made.
4	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	I don't know about direct, but you could do it in two legs.
4	The answer depends on where you are.	It depends on the circuit you do.
4	I don't think that there's any.	I don't think there's any problem with this at all.
4	I know you didn't ask for screws, but they do tend to be the most practical solution.	As I have said, most librarians will not be able to do the search for you.
4	So think it in this way.	So I think it up to you.
4	If not, don't do that and spend that time with something you like to do.	It doesn't have anything to do with intellect or knowing that you are actually spending money.
4	Another thing to look at is your footware.	Another thing to consider is salt..
4	If not, don't do that and spend that time with something you like to do.	If, however, you don't think that you can do the job - don't apply.
4	I would suggest that you try ClearCheckbook.	I would suggest Markdown.
4	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	Then decide if you really want to get involved and how you want to approach it.
4	You don't have to worry.	I don't have to tell you."
4	I think there's a good solution to this.	I don't think there's a good answer to your question.
4	Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	If you decide to work 12hrs/day but get tired, then you'll need to factor in rest time.
4	This is not a good idea.	This is a good thing.
4	There's not a lot you can do about that.	At the moment, there's nothing you can do about what already has happened.
4	How do you do that?	How do I do that? 
4	It rather depends on which country you're in.	It depends on what you are reading.
4	It's not a good idea.	I'm thinking it's a bad idea. 
4	You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	It depends on what you want to get out of your career.
4	All of the previous answers are good.	A lot of good answers already.
4	Well, I wouldn't put it on my cv.	I wouldn't put this job on my resume.
1	You will have to make some adjustments, but don't let that stop you.	If you don't have a degree, you will need to prove it in some other way.
1	This is a great one... 	This is a difficult one.
0	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	I don't want to tell you what to do, but 13 is older than you think.
0	You can do it, too.	Don't worry, you can do it.
0	It really depends on how the employer documents it.	It depends on the employer.
0	If you haven't, you should.	If you do, if you skip a session, you won't need to adjust your food intake.
0	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	I don't know what is better, but I think it depends on where you want to publish.
0	I think it would.	I would say it depends.
0	If she doesn't like it, she can find something for you to do.	If he escalates it, or simply won't stop, then you can go to your manager.
0	I've done this in a similar situation.	I have been in a similar situation.
0	If you don't do that you're a bad supervisor and you're not serving him well.	Even if you aren't the person's boss, you can do this.
0	I'm not sure I get the situation:	One, I'm not sure where I am.
0	Some things you might consider:	Some of the things I do:
0	Is this the kind of person you want to do business with?	What kind of work is it that you want to do?
0	The answer to both questions is: Yes.	The answer to that question is yes.
0	I believe the term you're looking for is Chibi	I think you're looking for the movie
0	It depends on how it's used.	It depends on your country.
0	You don't have to know.	If they don't already know, what credibility do you have to tell them.
0	You can use it, too.	Yes, you can use it.
0	I've had this same problem.	I'm going through this exact same problem.
0	I know this is difficult, but it's the only thing that will make things better.	The only thing I could find is this one, it's not clear glass though.
0	Lateral support is probably very important.	This is very important.
0	It depends on how it's used.	Unfortunately that's how it is.
0	There are a few things you can do: 	However, there are some things you can do:
0	The answer to both questions is: Yes.	To directly answer the two questions in your title.
2	Yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.	Valid reasons to feel the way you do, but not a reason to resign.
2	You need to add this to your resume because it is the only position you have had.	You'll have to restore your confidence in yourself because no one is going to do it for you.
2	I've had good luck with SweetHome 3D.	I've had good luck with the Iron Gym Pull Up bar.
2	As far as I know there is no such law.	As far as I know no active fan is required by code in laundry rooms.
2	I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious.	I don't know if you're still watching this question, so I'll be brief.
2	I agree with hobodave's answers, and let me add one more thing.	I agree with Oded's answer and would like to add one important step.
2	I think it is depends on the program.	It depends on how the term is used I think.
5	Can you do this?	So, CAN you do this?
4	Thanks for the suggestions.	Thanks for all the suggestions.
4	You do not need to worry.	does not need to be cited.
4	This depends on what exactly you're applying for.	It depends on what exactly you're doing.
4	This is not a good idea.	Of course this is a good idea.
4	The last thing I would look closer is that the one you are asking actually.	Probably the first thing to do is realize that no two people are actually identical.
4	I think there isn't a general answer.	I don't think there is an answer for this.
5	There are a few things you can do: 	There are a couple things you can try.
1	I advice you to also take lessons for the basics.	Simple advice is to take singing lessons.
1	The key is you have to find something that works for you, and your goals.	You may want it, but the process given to you is what you have to work within.
0	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	It depends on how much work you want to do.
0	It's not a good idea.	It's a good idea.
0	It's not a good idea.	It's not a spectator sport.
0	You don't have to know.	You don't have equipments/facilities to do research in B.
2	Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	If we ask you  to do something, it's because we want you to be happy. 
2	I think you've pretty much done your review.	You've pretty much answered your own question.
0	I don't think it was a burger but rather a cupcake.	When buying a car, don't think of it as investment but rather as a luxury.
0	There are a few things I think you should do.	There are a few things I don't understand:
2	You don't have to know.	You know that isn't my reason. 
2	A little bit of baking soda will offset the pH of the tomatoes.	my mom always told me a little bit of baking soda.
2	You burn more Calories digesting protein than you do carbohydrates and fat.	The more you sweat, the faster you will burn calories and fat.
1	I'm confused on why you wouldn't want to have him as a coauthor ?	I have to ask, why would you want to add water?
1	I have worked on a project that was like this.	I have worked on a project similar to this.
1	If you do not have one that is fine, no one would expect you to have written much.	From what you have written you do not seem to be so.
1	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	I don't think it makes much difference.
1	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	It depends on what you want to say/imply.
5	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	if you don't know when or how to clean it.
5	You got it right.	You've got it right.
5	You don't need to know everything.	You don't need to prove it.
5	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	There is always time to do what you want to do.
5	You answered your own question.	You pretty much answered your own question.
3	It depends on how it's used.	It really depends on your usage.
3	No you are not.	No, you should not worry.
3	I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised.	You may be able to, but I wouldn't recommend it.
3	Can you do this?	Can they do this?
3	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	It sounds like you don't know what you are doing with regards to electricity.
3	I like crates better for a couple of reasons	A couple of good reasons.
3	If you feel you have too many commas, you do.	You can do it, too.
3	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	If this is the case, you really don't need to be as worried about steak.
3	I have the same thing.	I had the same problem as you.
0	I had the same problem as you.	I just had the same problem.
0	They want to know what you have done to help them be more successful.	If you do want to help but want to be paid.
0	Some of what you can do:	Some of the things I do:
0	You don't have to know.	But you don't need to really.
0	Some of what you can do:	What you can do:
0	These numbers shouldn't impact you at all.	You don't need sauce at all.
0	Yes, there is a chemical difference.	Yes, there is a reason for it.
0	They can be out of level by a bit, but flat is important.	Yes, although they can be a bit sour.
2	I would go for it.	I would say that it is unethical.
2	You don't have to know.	I don't have to tell you."
2	I suggest you'd do like you would with a dog.	I'd like to suggest Google Docs.
2	No, I don't think you should contact the editor.	I don't think you should be conveying this, but rise to the opportunity instead.
2	If you don't do it, you go to bed early.	Also, if you die, you don't have to repay, don't know if it helps.
2	If your boss has a problem with that, then you have several options.	Basically, if you have to hide this from the boss it's a problem.
2	I would look at this: U.S.	I would look at this way: 
5	There are a few things I think you should do.	I think there are two things you need to consider.
5	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	I must ask you, are you sure this is what you want to do?
5	So I don't think you need to put it on the cover.	I think you will find it hard to do.
5	If you do not have one that is fine, no one would expect you to have written much.	Sure you can have one, no one is going to arrest you for putting it in.
5	You are on the right path.	You're on the right path.
1	In the end, there is nothing you can do if he's not willing to cooperate.	'Cause if you don't, no one's going to pay you to use the universe.
1	This is a big problem.	The problem is the tools.
1	Does this page answer your question?	I'll answer this question:
1	If you haven't, you should.	You should, but you don't have to.
3	Have you considered making your own?	Have you considered moleskin?
3	There are a few things I think you should do.	No, I don't think you should contact the editor.
3	Yes it will help.	It will get better.
3	It's also a matter of taste.	Also, I don't think it's a matter of being "junior".
3	), but the intervals between them are not the same.	They are very similar, but not the same.
3	This doesn't answer your question, but:	I'll answer this question:
3	I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious.	As for saying you can't do something, I think it depends on how you say it.
3	Take a look at these:	Have a look at these: 
3	I think it probably depends on your money.	I think it really depends on your recipe.
3	The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.	The best thing you can do is shop around, and tell your current company that you're shopping.
3	I realized there is already an accepted answer but I figure I would add my 2 cents.	This is an older question, but I thought I'd give my 2 cents:
3	Yes it is common!	The simple answer is yes!
3	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	To do this you need to learn about what you are investing in.
3	You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	Most of all, you need to decide what you want out of a salary and go from there.
3	My opinion is that I don't think you should force the issue.	From my own personal experience, I don't think you need to force the issue.
3	This is a big problem.	Volcanic water is not a problem.
3	There are a few things I don't understand:	Some of the things I do:
3	It depends on how it's used.	It depends on how bad the wall is.
3	You should do it.	It is up to you.
3	I don't think that there's any.	I don't think there are any benefits.
2	This is not a good idea.	Probably not a good idea.
2	It looks to me that this is set up for what you want:	It is up to you whether you want to do that.
1	You need to add this to your resume because it is the only position you have had.	If you think you lack the experience for the position then you're not going to get it.
1	This is not a good idea.	This is a hard one.
1	Problem is, the system doesn't account for people who could care less about money, or title.	The Joker doesn't care about money.
1	Have you ever seen a strong vegan?	Have you already seen this?
1	It depends on the room temperature where you live.	In Thailand, it depends on where you'll be going.
1	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	Don't think of it as insurance for you in case you can't pay.
1	The key is you have to find something that works for you, and your goals.	And the good thing is, that when you will have your own children you can cancel the subscription.
1	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	So I don't think you need to put it on the cover.
2	I think there's a good solution to this.	I don't think that there's any.
2	That is your problem, not your supervisor's.	If it's on the same ticket, it's not your problem.
2	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	You have a good job, and you need to do the work you are hired to do.
2	I don't think that there's any.	I personally don't think there is any harm.
2	Focus on one thing at a time so you don't waste time switching between task.	Concentration - focus on one thing at a time so as to do each task better and faster.
2	It is impossible to answer this question without a form check.	It is difficult, if not impossible, to give a complete answer to this question.
2	Your best bet is to refer to the owners manual of the furnace.	Your best bet is research.
2	I think you should do both.	I don't think you should use a software.
2	You don't have to know.	You don't have to worry.
2	You need to add this to your resume because it is the only position you have had.	This gives you the opportunity to make your case that you really do have expertise in XXX.
4	Work into it slowly.	You work on it slowly.
0	You don't need to know everything.	You shouldn't need to let everyone know.
0	If you haven't, you should.	If you know your stuff, then you don't have to argue that you learn fast.
0	There is no reason to worry.	There is no safety reason to do so.
0	You should do it.	You can do it.
0	The meat is definitely worth saving.	That IS worth the effort.
0	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	It is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do.
0	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	You have to decide how much you want to demand, and what unmet demands you can live with.
0	If you don't do that you're a bad supervisor and you're not serving him well.	If you don't ask for what you want, you will not likely get it.
0	No, you do not NEED a bread machine.	You do not need to worry.
1	Yes, it is possible to publish a paper on model analysis.	Yes, it is hard to publish in a peer reviewed journal.
1	In the end, there is nothing you can do if he's not willing to cooperate.	If you do speak to her, be aware that she is not going to immediately agree with you.
1	You PROBABLY don't have any chance at the moment.	You don't need any visa.
1	If you mean what I think you mean, then Hebrew is noted for this.	If this is what you mean by parquet, I don't suggest it.
1	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	If this is it, you don't need to add sugar at all.
1	I do not think there's any appreciable difference.	I do not think there is any difference.
1	I agree with the other comments.	I agree with phil above.
1	You should just ask your boss what he wants you to do.	Your friend should ask his boss to confirm what he wants to do in writing.
1	No, being a graduate student in a PhD program is a full-time job.	A postdoc is a time limited academic job, a PhD is a research student position.
1	I had the same issue and it turned out to be air in the system.	We had the same problem and it turned our to be due to the temperature changes in the fridge.
1	You don't have to worry.	Don't worry, Germans are usually polite.
1	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	So if that's what you need, you really do have to be explicit about it.
2	Sure, you have advisors, but they can only guess what is going to be.	But, my bet is that you are not going to be successful.
2	There are a few things I don't understand:	There are a couple things you can do:
2	Yes, you should mention your experience.	Yes, you should make a résumé.
2	It really doesn't matter.	Maybe it doesn't.
2	These numbers shouldn't impact you at all.	You shouldn't feel any obligation at all.
2	If you haven't, you should.	If you haven't done your homework, you shouldn't be in the meeting.
2	Hope this is what you are looking for.	I think this is what you are looking for : http://en.ardennes-etape.be/tourism-in-the-ardennes.
2	I think it is depends on the program.	I think it probably depends on your money.
2	This is a terrible idea.	This sound like a very bad idea.
2	The answer was a no.	The best information I was able to find the answer is: NO.
2	I think it is great that you had a test conducted.	I think that's a great plan.
0	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	If you think the product isn't what you want, don't buy it.
0	Yes it is common!	How lonely it is!
0	You don't have to know.	You don't have to leave to see what others will pay you.
0	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	Look - I understand you need to do this quick and you know its wrong to put on vinyl.
0	I think it would.	I think it's just a habit.
0	It depends entirely on your company and your contract.	It depends on where you live and what your situation is.
0	I can think of two suggestions:	Two options I can think of:
0	I've had one for several months.	I've cooked this several times.
0	I think there isn't a general answer.	I don't think there is a precise interpretation of italics.
0	I think it probably depends on your money.	i think it depends what you want:
0	If you don't do that you're a bad supervisor and you're not serving him well.	If you don't follow-up, then you are someone that will say one thing and not do it.
0	I think you're looking for Mikey (1992).	http://www.flightstats.com/go/FlightRating/flightRatingByRoute.do I think thats what you're looking for
0	I don't think that there's any.	I don't see any starch on the list.
0	You don't have to know.	Other than that you don't have a tax issue.
1	Yes, there is a rule against this.	There's no rule against it.
5	What are your goals?	What are you goals?
2	Depends on the loan.	Depends on what your goal is.
2	I don't think that word means what you think it means.	But I don't think you'll find that in a restaurant.
2	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	What you should do is up to you.
2	It will become easier the more you do it.	The sooner you do it the easier it will be.
2	So how should I do this?	I do this too.
2	You need to add this to your resume because it is the only position you have had.	This is not the answer you want but I have to get it out of my chest.
2	The more you do it, the faster you will be.	The bigger it is, the more you want to do it.
2	You don't need any visa.	You don't need to prepare in any special way for such interview.
2	Depends on the loan.	It depends on your country.
2	I think you should do both.	So I think it up to you.
2	There's no standard formula.	There's no VAT in the US.
2	You will think you want to fret a not a lot harder than you actually need to.	What you want to say is that you read a lot.
2	You don't need any visa.	You do not need to worry.
2	I was in a similar situation.	I am 13 and in this situation.
2	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	If nothing happens, you need to sit down and think about what you want to do next.
2	Do you have any goals?	Do you have any flexibility with your hours at work?
2	Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	If you're going to go for well done, you might want to consider a braise.
2	No, I don't think you should contact the editor.	I don't think you can.
2	All of the answers above are good.	The above answers are all correct.
2	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.
2	Is this the kind of person you want to do business with?	Do you want to know the answer?
2	Depends a bit on your furnace.	Depends on what your goal is.
2	As far as I know there is no such law.	No, as far as we know to this moment it is not.
2	Do you have to wait?	You don't have to know.
2	But you can't know for sure the price that the fund will be worth at you payout date.	You may deserve every dime of the money you ask for but that's not the point.
2	There are a few things I think you should do.	I don't think there's much you can do here.
2	I think you've pretty much done your review.	You pretty much answered your own question.
2	All of the answers above are good.	All of the answers to date are good.
2	Try some of the following:	Some of the things I do:
2	I spend a lot of time in France and in the midwest US.	You need to spend a lot of time and do so frequently.
2	I think it is depends on the program.	I think it depends on the piece and on what it's for.
2	I'm going to go out on a limb here...	I'm going to be very direct here.
2	3 is really the hardest to respond to; I'm not sure I have a good response.	I'm really not qualified to respond to the second part of your question.
2	But you can't know for sure the price that the fund will be worth at you payout date.	If you know something the market doesn't that's going to be good for price, hold.
2	I would not do this for exactly the reasons you've asked about:  	I would recommend you to do three things about this:
2	The answer depends on where you are.	Depends on the place where you apply for.
2	There are two possible causes for this:	There are brackets for this type of thing:
2	If your long stay visa for Switzerland is valid, then you will not need a transit visa.	You do not need a transit visa, but to enter Zurich you will need a visa.
5	If not, don't do that and spend that time with something you like to do.	If she doesn't like it, she can find something for you to do.
5	I think the answer that we don't know.	I don't think that there's any.
5	Yes, although you probably want to chop it up.	It is up to you.
5	You don't need a visa to invest in US equity.	No, you don't need a transit visa.
5	It depends on the room temperature where you live.	It depends on the circuit you do.
5	Turn off the main breaker.	Hot or not? Now turn the main on, and B2 off.
5	It rather depends on which country you're in.	It depends on what you want to have in your tank.
5	I think it would.	I don't think it makes much difference.
5	Body shape has a lot to do with it.	A lot of it has to do with your programming.
5	A few more point to think about:	A few things to think about:
2	Now you don't have to be perfect on every answer.	You don't have to know.
5	I believe the name of the movie you are looking for is Poltergeist 3.	Voltron is the name of the show you're looking for
5	I'm afraid we are out of luck in this one.	I think this is one of those things where you are just out of luck.
0	It is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do.	Point is: know what you want and don't be afraid to ask for it.
4	If she doesn't like it, she can find something for you to do.	If she really wants to do it, I wouldn't try to hold her back.
4	I guess it really depends on your own beliefs and situation.	I guess it depends on the nature of your contract.
4	I would avoid freezing them as it will change the texture.	I would avoid putting it in the dough as it will change the texture.
4	I think it probably depends on your money.	I also think it depends on your living situation.
4	You don't need to know everything.	You have to know what you want to do.
4	It varies by the situation.	This varies by institution.
4	It very much depends on the grant in question.	It very much depends on the program.
4	This is the same question you asked a couple of days ago.	A similar question to this was asked over the last couple of weeks.
4	I don't think that word means what you think it means.	I don't think that there's any.
4	2. You may need to see a councilor to help you with the child situation.	You may want to find a partner to write with.
4	I have the same thing.	I have the same problem.
4	From what I understand this is what you can do :	Some of what you can do:
4	Sure, I've  done this very trip.	I've done this in a similar situation.
4	I have the same thing.	I have the exact same problem.
0	I think the answer that we don't know.	I don't think it makes much difference.
0	If you feel you have too many commas, you do.	If you have too much to do, you turn it down.
0	Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	You need to ask your boss what you need to do to get the promotion you want.
0	I think it probably depends on your money.	It depends on your local corporate culture.
0	If not, don't do that and spend that time with something you like to do.	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.
0	I think you should do both.	I don't think there's much you can do.
0	The more detailed answer to this questions largely depends on where you go.	The answer depends on where you are.
0	You are on the right path.	You're right on about the sample definition.
2	You don't have to know.	You don't have to configure anything.
2	There is no such index.	There is no way to win it.
2	Stop, go to a veterinarian.	I am not a veterinarian.
2	The movie you are looking for is probably Infested.	Is the movie you are looking for Unknown.
2	The answer to both questions is: Yes.	The simple answer is yes!
2	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	If you don't follow-up, then you are someone that will say one thing and not do it.
2	The answer depends on where you are.	You are on the right path.
2	The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.	If not, the kindest thing you can do is to let them go.
2	There is no reason not to do them on the same day.	There is no reason for the professor to shout.
2	I don't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever.	I don't think that this temperature range should be a problem for the spirits.
2	Primer/paint will not work.	Nope that will not work.
2	Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	If you really want it, you will change your habits to get the time.
2	I agree with the other comments.	I agree with the other answers here.
2	The way you have it is fine.	The card you have is fine.
2	I would say a chef's knife, for sure.	As you can see here, you can do it with a chef's knife.
2	I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious.	I don't know if that will work, but it certainly isn't the traditional method.
2	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	I don't know the whole algorithm, but I found the formula you'd need to derive it.
2	The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.	The best thing you can do is find something else interesting to do while you wait on hold.
5	It's also a matter of taste.	It's mostly a matter of taste.
2	I agree with the other comments.	I agree with the other posters.
2	This depends highly on the genre.	This really depends on your twins.
2	It really depends on how the employer documents it.	It really depends on the hostel you book.
2	I was in a similar situation.	Personally when I was in a similar situation I sent the couple a card and a gift.
3	I think it's fine to ask this question.	I think it's unprofessional to ask for a one off payment.
3	I have the same thing.	I have the same issue.
3	The hard answer is a straight no.	Interesting question but ultimately the answer is no.
3	I suggest you to take a look at rememberthemilk.com.	Take a look at creative nonfiction.
3	No you are not.	You are not a runner.
3	If you do not have one that is fine, no one would expect you to have written much.	If you don't follow-up, then you are someone that will say one thing and not do it.
3	The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.	But the simplest thing you can do is to try it out.
3	So I don't think you need to put it on the cover.	In the first case, I think you don't need it.
3	This is not a good idea.	I think this is not such a good idea.
3	It's possible for two airlines to share the same code, under some circumstances.	Code share flight have two numbers, one for each airlines.
3	2. You may need to see a councilor to help you with the child situation.	try to write all the things down you need to do, that will definitely be a help.
3	It depends on what you want to have in your tank.	I think it depends very much on what you mean by "have to decline".
3	There is no such index.	There is no answer.
3	I would go for it.	I would not recommend gluing it.
3	This is not necessarily an issue.	This is not something strange.
3	You can use it, too.	Yes, you can do it.
4	If what you are looking for is much higher, they get the picture.	You are the one asking for reassignment and will get what is available if there is something.
4	I don't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever.	I don't think there's any problem with this at all.
4	The two tools I have used to make my own pasta are rollers and extruders.	I have never used extruders, but I make a lot of tagliatelle using my pasta roller.
4	Depends a bit on your furnace.	Depends a little on your field.
4	Here's the issue as I see it.	Here's how I have worked it out.
4	You could try BerlinLinienBus.	You can try http://www.holidayen.com/.
4	I had the same problem as you.	I had the same situation.
4	You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	You have to find out what works for you.
1	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	Again depending on your needs, you will have to pick what is best for you. 
1	It's not a good idea.	And it's not a qualification.
1	Some things you might consider:	There are two things to consider:
1	If you don't do it, you go to bed early.	But if you owe money, you don't get to decide that.
1	There are three options:	There are several options:
1	I think this is very subjective question and will depend on who the judge is.	This is very subjective but I think charcoal grilled food is better.
1	I think you should do both.	I don't think you should quit.
1	If you want to be a manager, that's another story.	If you have a story to tell, it should be possible to tell that story in your setting.
1	So I don't think you need to put it on the cover.	Look - I understand you need to do this quick and you know its wrong to put on vinyl.
1	I don't think twice about leaving a dutch oven in the stove overnight, at a low temperature.	My first suggestion would be a "dutch oven" at a low temperature.
1	There are three options:	There are two options for you - 
1	The answer depends on where you are.	I think the answer depends strongly on where the money comes from.
1	It is possible, but I'm not aware of any evidence for it.	There is no name for it that I'm aware of.
1	That makes no sense at all.	Use an arrangement that makes sense to you.
1	It depends on what they are.	It depends on how it's used.
5	It depends on what they are.	It depends on what you are reading.
5	As Adel points out, you're going to see this in a lot of companies.	As you can see in this simple example there is a lot of information.
5	I had the same problem as you.	I have just had the same problem.
2	I guess it really depends on your own beliefs and situation.	It really depends on your audience and setting.
2	As you can see in this simple example there is a lot of information.	This recipe just has a lot of liquid in you can see her dressing is very fluid.
2	Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	You could probably get a tour agency to do it for you but it would cost you.
1	The way you have it is fine.	It might alter the way you perform.
1	You don't have to worry.	You have to do them low and slow.
1	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	In general, it's better if you don't use them.
1	You should just ask your boss what he wants you to do.	You don't know what your manager wants from you.
1	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	Do you want to know the answer?
1	You don't need to know everything.	They just don't want you to know it.
2	I do not think there's any appreciable difference.	I do not know the difference.
2	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	You don't even need to tape it, so what if it cracks.
2	You will have to make some adjustments, but don't let that stop you.	You don't HAVE to make that mistake, so DON'T.
2	If you're going to say "No", do it as you're doing here.	If you want to build wealth, you're doing it wrong.
2	It's pretty much up to you.	It's really up to you.
2	I've had this same problem.	I've had the same problem once.
2	Also it is useful to keep the consistency in your story.	It is important to keep the story in the scope of your limit.
1	So I don't think you need to put it on the cover.	Focus on what you need the scene to do.
1	So I don't think you need to put it on the cover.	I don't think it is fair on the employer to pay you to do that.
1	I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised.	I suggest that you make it how you think it would be done.
1	The answer depends on where you are.	It depends on where you are in the world.
1	The answer to both questions is: Yes.	I believe this is the answer to both questions:
1	Your problem is probably the temperature of the chocolate.	The problem is the tools.
1	2. You may need to see a councilor to help you with the child situation.	You may want to bring a phrase book to help you with greetings and simple phrases.
1	I'd say something along the lines of "why?	That's roughly along the lines of what I'd do anyways.
1	I think it's just a habit.	I think it's a bad idea.
4	It's not a good idea.	No, it's not a good thing.
5	There are a few things you can do: 	There are a few things you can do to thicken your sauce:
5	Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	If you think you lack the experience for the position then you're not going to get it.
5	I can think of a couple of options off the top of my head:	you have a couple of options:
5	It depends on what they are.	It depends on the reason.
5	It depends on what you want to have in your tank.	You want to show progression in responsibilities on your resume, and it looks like you have that.
5	If you don't do that you're a bad supervisor and you're not serving him well.	If you are depressed enough that you don't feel you have friends, find a counselor.
5	I think it really depends on how much you take out of your Nationwide account each month.	It really depends on how much you play.
5	It probably depends on the cut of meat.	I think it is depends on the program.
5	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	I wouldn't advise you what to do with your resume, it's up to you.
5	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	What you should do is up to you.
5	While I can't give a definitive answer, I can just say it's somewhat to very common.	I think it's impossible to give a definitive answer to that question.
5	Volcanic water is not a problem.	This is not uncommon in a water heater.
5	It is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do.	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.
5	i think it depends what you want:	Actually I think it's here:
5	You will think you want to fret a not a lot harder than you actually need to.	Also if you want to get a bit stronger/muscular you will need to increase your physical activity.
5	Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	It shouldn't hurt you to tell C and they might give you the time you want.
5	I'm thinking it's a bad idea. 	I think it's a bad idea.
1	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	You need to pick how and where you want to place your foot and do it.
4	All of the answers above are good.	All the answers above are great.
4	You have a problem.	This is a big problem.
2	I've had good luck with SweetHome 3D.	I've had good luck baking naan on an indoor grill.
2	) Take notes on the papers you read.	This is how you learn to read papers.
2	The two things you can do to really help here are:	Some of the things you can do to help are: 
2	The answer was a no.	The simple answer is no.
2	If I were you, I'd move on.	If I were you, I'd do the following.
2	Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know.	If the conversation is not about work, you know what the answer is to your own question.
4	It's not a good idea.	It's not a problem:
4	This depends on what exactly you're applying for.	This depends a bit on what you are applying for.
4	You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	Then decide if you really want to get involved and how you want to approach it.
4	Unfortunately, this question cannot be answered in its full generality.	This cannot be answered in general.
2	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	You don't need to have proof, you're just reporting what you noticed.
2	There is no such index.	There is no quarantine period.
2	Depends on your time scale, but generally, I don't think it would work.	As for saying you can't do something, I think it depends on how you say it.
2	I can think of a couple of options off the top of my head:	Just off the top of my head, I thought of:
2	If this is the case, you really don't need to be as worried about steak.	This isn't a bad thing, but you do need to be aware of the choices you make.
2	It is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do.	What you should do is up to you.
2	I would personally beware of the Motley Fool.	I would recommend looking at The Motley Fool.
4	If you are relatively new to the organization, performance reviews may not be done in the first year.	Your performance may be great, but it means nothing if you are not in the office.
4	I think there isn't a general answer.	I don't think there is a single definition.
5	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	(But for that, I don't think you have to do them in the morning.
5	It depends on what they are.	The answer depends on where you are.
5	If you haven't, you should.	You don't have to worry.
5	The movie you are looking for is probably Infested.	I think you're looking for the movie
5	It's not a good idea.	Not a good idea.
0	Can you do this?	other: "can you show me how to do this?"
0	You don't need any visa.	You don't have to worry.
0	Well, you may be without a job.	However, this may not be a DIY job.
0	I think it is depends on the program.	It depends on your country.
0	You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	You're probably going to have to read various blogs to get all the information you want.
5	You should have no problem using the bag.	The problem is that you're using a lid.
5	My answer to your question is "Probably Not".	The short answer to your question is "maybe", but probably not.
5	I wouldn't give them detail about what you'll be doing, for who, or where.	I don't know what would be useful at your company, but something in that direction.
5	Other than that you don't have a tax issue.	Other than that it won't make a difference which one you pick.
5	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	The first thing you're going to want to do is read and read a lot.
5	It's all about diet and exercise.	It's all about adhesion.
5	I agree with the other comments.	I agree with the above.
5	But don't worry, it can come back fast.	Don't worry, you can do it.
5	English is really widespread, so that would be your best bet.	Microwave would be your best bet.
5	Unofficially it is not.	But it is not a good idea.
5	I don't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever.	I don't see any problem with the grammar of this.
5	If you haven't, you should.	If you have too much to do, you turn it down.
5	The answer was a no.	No it was not a hallucination.
5	I think the answer that we don't know.	I don't know that I'd do this myself.
5	I think it is depends on the program.	Depends on what your goal is.
5	I had the same problem as you.	I have exactly the same problem.
4	Is this a scam?	I am afraid that this is a visa scam.
4	I don't think that word means what you think it means.	I don't think it really matters exactly what happened.
4	Yes, it was very much.	Yes, it can be done.
4	Body shape has a lot to do with it.	It has nothing to do with SE really.
4	I think it would.	I don't think you should.
4	My answer to your question is "Probably Not".	The answer to your question is not really.
1	It's not a good idea.	But it is not a good idea.
1	I don't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever.	I don't understand why there should be a problem.
1	If you want to install it yourself, great.	If you want to really find your style, you have to work for it.
1	If you do not have one that is fine, no one would expect you to have written much.	So if that's what you need, you really do have to be explicit about it.
1	I had the same problem as you.	I have the same problem.
1	There is no reason not to do them on the same day.	You should alternate strength training and HIIT, better not do them on the same day.
1	Do you have a car?	Do you have a title?
1	), but it is not.	), but the intervals between them are not the same.
1	I think there's a good solution to this.	I think it's just a habit.
1	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	I think you will find it hard to do.
1	I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious.	I don't know what is better, but I think it depends on where you want to publish.
1	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	The short answer is no, you don't need it.
1	Not at all true.	It does not sound at all normal to me.
1	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	What you need to consider is how you do other things in life.
1	You should do it.	You should never do it.
4	I was in a similar situation.	Sometimes I'm in a similar situation.
4	I had the same problem as you.	I had the same issue.
4	This depends on what exactly you're applying for.	This depends on exactly what equpiment you're using.
4	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	Share it if you want to, don't share it if you don't want to.
4	There are 2 things you can do to make things less sticky:	There are several things you need to do.
4	If all of the money needs to be liquid, T-Bills from a broker are the way to go.	Patents are the way to go if you have to make money from a smart idea in the academia.
4	I think it's fine to ask this question.	I think it's just a habit.
4	I believe the name of the movie you are looking for is Poltergeist 3.	I believe the movie you are looking for is Embrace Of The Vampire
4	This is not a good idea.	This is a bad idea.
4	In the first case, I think you don't need it.	I don't think that you need a saw at all.
4	It's not a good idea.	It's a really good read.
4	Yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.	There is always things to do, even if you think there is not.
4	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	They just don't want you to know it.
4	If they want you to use a certain technique, then that's part of the training process.	If you find a publisher of such works, that's the place to start.
4	I would even venture to say that it is THE question.	I would say that the answer is yes.
4	Couple of things to add:	A couple things to consider:
4	This is not a good idea.	This is a good question.
4	I don't think that there's any.	I don't think there's a good reason for it.
4	I don't think that there's any.	I don't think there's any one universal norm here.
4	You don't want to alienate your coworkers.	You don't have to know.
4	You don't need to know everything.	But you don't need to really.
4	What I mean by this is that you could be seeing the new normal.	I think what you are seeing could be fluoride that is put in the water by the utility company.
4	Take a look at these:	just take a look at the tail..!
4	Playdates do not have to be every day, although children may like it to be.	(I may not have to do these things, but I should be able to.)
4	I think it probably depends on your money.	It depends on what they are.
4	You don't have to worry.	Other than that you don't have a tax issue.
4	If you don't do it, you go to bed early.	Share it if you want to, don't share it if you don't want to.
4	From personal experience, it depends on the child.	It depends on the age of your child:
4	You can do it, too.	I don't think you can rescue it, but you can use it.
4	I am affraid there is not much you can do.	Unfortunately, there isn't much you can do.
4	You certainly can and should ask for anything that is very important to you.	You can call and ask, but you are unlikely to get anything useful.
4	Depends a bit on your furnace.	It depends on your country.
4	The short answer is: it should not.	Short and quick answer: definitely the Romans were NOT the first.
4	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	Even if you do end up leaving, you don't know how long it will be.
4	Now, I have been in sports for 41 years.	I've been researching for years.
4	You need to add this to your resume because it is the only position you have had.	That being said it is definitely up to you to make the most of your situation.
4	My guess is that you don't have real cheese in your sandwich.	My guess is that your child will do fine.
4	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	It shows you know what you want and you have a good reason to be interested in the school.
4	This should not be an issue in big stations.	This is not necessarily an issue.
4	Hope this is what you are looking for.	Is this the kind of thing you're looking for ?
5	There are two things to consider:	I think there are two important things to consider:
5	I think it probably depends on your money.	I think the answer depends strongly on where the money comes from.
5	The short answer is: it should not.	The answer to both questions is: Yes.
5	You can buy it on amazon for $5.	I recommend Amazon for you.
5	If not, don't do that and spend that time with something you like to do.	If you don't follow-up, then you are someone that will say one thing and not do it.
5	So I don't think you need to put it on the cover.	I think you need to be fair.
5	There really isn't any good ways that I'm aware of.	There really isn't any downside that I'm aware of.
5	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	If you focus on what you want to do, you'll find an employer that needs that.
5	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	If you just want to do it to promote your books, it probably won't work.
5	If not, don't do that and spend that time with something you like to do.	And you CAN do your own thing, and you DON'T need to worry about failing at it.
5	Is this the kind of person you want to do business with?	As part of the, Why do you want to work for this company?
5	Yes, there is a rule against this.	Yes, there is a chemical difference.
5	I agree with the other comments.	I agree with the earlier answers.
5	I'm assuming that the soil is frozen.	I'm assuming the following:
5	You don't need to know everything.	Relax, you don't need to do anything.
5	Do you have to wait?	Do you need to incorporate?
5	I've done this in a similar situation.	I am in a similar situation, and I believe you are correct.
5	I've visted this site many a times, very interesting.	I've done this many dozens of times.
5	There are two things to consider:	There are two obstacles:
5	How do you do that?	How you do that is up to you.
5	It's pretty much up to you.	It is up to you.
4	There are a few things you can do: 	There are a few things you need to consider:
1	So my proposed answer is "yes".	Short answer is yes.
1	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	If you want to do it you should do it completely.
1	From what I understand this is what you can do :	This is what I'd do:
1	At the end of the day you have to make him work for you.	If you put in the work, then you have every right to mention that you did the work.
1	The answer was a no.	The hard answer is a straight no.
1	It depends on the room temperature where you live.	The answer depends on where you are.
1	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	Also, are you sure you know what you want to write about?
1	The answer to this and all such similar questions is in two stages:	The answer to both questions is: Yes.
0	In fact, depending on the law of your country, they may even be required to do so.	However, depending on your local laws, you may be required to have a separate business account.
0	If that is the case then you cannot bury it.	If the problem is not copyrightable, then you can do whatever you wish.
0	I think it is the nanny state thing.	I think it would.
0	I do this as well.	I have this habit as well.
0	It probably depends on the cut of meat.	It depends on your country.
0	You don't have to know.	You don't HAVE to make that mistake, so DON'T.
0	Because this question is unanswered.	This is a question with no answer.
0	From what I understand this is what you can do :	What I do is this:
0	That's what I believe.	That's what it did cost.
0	Depends on the loan.	Depends on the place where you apply for.
0	I'd also tie a rope to the other end of the brush.	Additionally, you can tie a rope to the other end of the brush before you pull it back.
0	As far as I know there is no such law.	There is no particular restriction against as far as I have known and seen.
0	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	I think you have a valid reason to take the other job, if that's what you want.
0	You don't need to know everything.	You don't need to oil it.
0	I think the answer that we don't know.	I don't think that the paycheck address is the determining factor.
0	If you want to install it yourself, great.	if you want something done, do it yourself. 
0	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	It is up to you whether you want to do that.
0	Go to your local music stores and ask them.	Ask your colleagues to use them.
0	If this is new, I would do this:	This is what I'd do:
0	It sounds like you just undercooked them.	It's just how long you dry them.
0	It is impossible to answer this question without a form check.	This is a part answer to your question
3	This will heavily depend on the specific country you are talking about.	It will be heavily dependent on the country.
3	I have the same thing.	I recently watched this and thought exactly the same thing.
3	I don't think you'd want to use salt for a couple of reasons:	I cannot think of a great reason why you would want to do this.
3	There are a few things you can do: 	There are a few things I think you should do.
4	I've done this in a similar situation.	Ok i've done a research.
4	If you're going to say "No", do it as you're doing here.	You do not need to say "You are wrong."
4	You don't have to worry.	You don't have to be happy about.
4	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	There is always time to do what you want to do.
4	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	It depends on what and where you are going to do.
3	If this is the case, you really don't need to be as worried about steak.	This may not be the case for you, so do what your body tells you to do.
3	If they want you to use a certain technique, then that's part of the training process.	Most of the time that's what you want for a good dish.
3	So I'd take the time to decision stats with a grain of salt.	I don't know the credentials of this site, so take it with a grain of salt.
3	I don't think there's any reason other than historical chance.	I do not think there's any appreciable difference.
3	Hope this is what you are looking for.	http://www.kyleswitchplates.com/push-button-light-switches/ will get you what you are looking for 
3	3) Just in case, there is always the possibility of post-traumatic memory loss.	Well, there is always the possibility.
3	I think something you might want to look at is a service called Dwolla.	ClearJel is a product you may want to look at.
3	It rather depends on which country you're in.	It depends on your country.
3	If not, don't do that and spend that time with something you like to do.	You don't HAVE to make that mistake, so DON'T.
3	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	If you don't want to do Android, it shouldn't be on your resume.
3	I don't think that there's any.	I don't think there is any truth in that saying.
3	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	You have to know what you want to do.
3	It sounds like you're feeding him before his nap.	It sounds like you're behind on a payment.
3	It is a very low sound?	Is it a one-off?
3	Yes, there is a chemical difference.	Yes, it is a real issue.
3	Seal all the edges like your life depends on it.	It depends on your country.
3	You don't have to know.	You really shouldn't have a problem.
3	There are a few possible reasons.	There are a few reasons that paint wrinkles.
5	I have the same thing.	I had to do the same thing.
5	You will think you want to fret a not a lot harder than you actually need to.	If you have a high leptin sensitivity you probably need to eat a lot more than you do now.
5	It always works for me.	I do, it works marvellously for me.
5	There are a few things you can do: 	There are a couple things you can do:
5	You can do it, too.	Yes, you can do that.
5	There are three options:	There are only three options:
5	So think it in this way.	Think of it this way.
5	Take it to a professional.	Take them to a professional.
5	Maybe this could work for you.	Maybe this can work for you.
1	It looks to me that this is set up for what you want:	For me it looks quite simple:
1	This is a very unusual request.	This is very important.
1	There is no maximum.	There is no official government page.
1	There is no reason to worry.	No, you should not worry.
1	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	They can, but the way to do it depends on what you have available.
0	This is not a good idea.	This would be a bad idea.
0	First of all I'd like to clarify a few things:	Your main question has been pretty well answered, but I'd like to clarify a few points:  
0	If you do not have one that is fine, no one would expect you to have written much.	Only if you know (or have reason to suspect) that not doing so would be a detriment.
0	I don't think that there's any.	No, I don't think it's possible to do that.
0	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	It completely depends on what type of work you intend to do.
0	Seems your best bet would be to use resistance bands.	Microwave would be your best bet.
0	Microwave would be your best bet.	Your best bet is research.
4	You don't have to worry.	You don't have to prepay.
4	You should do it.	I think you should do both.
4	In the US, it will depend on the school.	This will depend on the university.
1	I had the same problem as you.	I had the same problem.
1	This is not necessarily an issue.	This is a reasonable concern, but not necessarily a problem.
1	The more you do it, the faster you will be.	The more practice you do the better you will be at it.
1	Personally, I would bring it up directly.	I wouldn't bring it up.
1	I agree with everything Reven said.	I agree with everything Matthew G. has said.
1	I don't think telling your boss you're not reading the email is a good strategy.	I don't think anyone is giving you the answer you're looking for.
1	I think it probably depends on your money.	I think it depends how fussy a presentation you are working on.
1	You don't have to know.	They just don't want you to know it.
1	It's not a good idea.	It's not just a good idea, it's an excellent idea.
4	You can do it, too.	No, you cannot do that.
4	You don't need to know everything.	Do you need to incorporate?
4	I had the same problem, googled and found these solutions:	I had the same problem as you.
4	The key thing to realize here is that it's not your job to make people do their work.	Going in to a interview it is important to ask questions that make people THINK.
4	I think there's a good solution to this.	I think this is a good way to do it.
4	If you already own the generator I say go for it and try it out.	If it's just for home use and your own enjoyment, then you can do what you want.
4	Treat it like you would ammunition.	Treat it like an investment account.
4	i think it depends what you want:	I think this depends on what level you are teaching at.
4	You don't need to know everything.	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.
4	Sure, you have advisors, but they can only guess what is going to be.	They can, but the way to do it depends on what you have available.
4	I'm a fan of http://www.writersbeat.com myself.	I'm a huge fan of the Fisher Space Pen.
4	I'm not a fan of the test kits.	I'm a fan of http://www.writersbeat.com myself.
4	I think there isn't a general answer.	I don't think there is a single term for your situation, so my answer is none.
4	I think there isn't a general answer.	I don't think there's a good answer to your question.
4	Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	You want the 18k to be there when you need it for the down payment.
4	While I can't give a definitive answer, I can just say it's somewhat to very common.	For once, I think it's possible to give a general opinion.
4	If you haven't, you should.	If you don't have enough budget then, we'll, you should.
4	It is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do.	It depends what you want to do with them.
4	No, I don't think you should contact the editor.	I don't think you can re-use the bones and expect to get a good product, no.
4	No, you do not NEED a bread machine.	No you are not.
4	There are a few things I think you should do.	There are a few minimally-effective things you can do at the personal level.
3	I agree with Jolenealaska.	I Agree with Jefromi.
3	You will not be able to collect your bags, as there is no airside baggage claim in Oman.	No, you will not need special paperwork or to collect your bags.
3	I've had this same problem.	I had this same situation.
5	I don't know of a residential use.	I don't know of a program.
5	You CANNOT do this without rewiring.	Can you do this?
5	It depends on what they are.	Depends on what your goal is.
5	In the US, it will depend on the school.	It'll depend on the coach.
5	This is not a good idea.	Not a good idea.
5	I think it is depends on the program.	I think it depends in large part on what the research is.
5	I can think of two suggestions:	I can think of two possible explanations:
5	Depends on the loan.	I think it is depends on the program.
5	I realized there is already an accepted answer but I figure I would add my 2 cents.	I know this is an old question but I feel I should add my 2 cents.
0	There are a few things I think you should do.	I think there are a couple of things that might help.
0	There are a few things you can do: 	There are a few possible reasons.
0	Yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.	Yes, there is a chemical difference.
1	Yes, there is at least one to my knowledge.	To my knowledge, there's no time requirement.
0	In the first case, I think it is quite common, as people come and go.	This is becoming more common in the UK, but I'd hang fire as it works two ways.
0	The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.	You don't have to know.
0	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	You say you do not know what to write.
0	It depends on the room temperature where you live.	Depends on the place where you apply for.
0	There are a couple of options that you could consider:	A couple of other options for mind-mapping software:
0	I cannot say for sure, because I have not been in this particular place, but...	I'm pretty sure you've already considered this, but just in case you haven't...
0	I don't know of a residential use.	You don't have to know.
0	I have few suggestions for you:	I can think of two suggestions:
0	You certainly can and should ask for anything that is very important to you.	You check how important it is for you and your boss that you go to the seminar.
0	You have a problem.	Do you have a car?
0	There are a few things I think you should do.	A few things I learned:
0	You don't have to worry.	You don't have to do anything to season it.
0	I've always had luck with VRBO.com.	I've had good luck with the Iron Gym Pull Up bar.
0	There is no test that can tell you if it is sealed or not.	There is no code telling you that you cannot do this.
0	I don't think that there's any.	I don't think there's much truth in this claim.
0	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	If they do not ask you to qualify your speaking ability, then do not worry about it.
0	The more detailed answer to this questions largely depends on where you go.	The answer to this one is 'it depends on you'
0	The key is you have to find something that works for you, and your goals.	If you want to really find your style, you have to work for it.
0	What matters to you is that the work is not getting done and the deadlines are in danger.	Sometimes the problem is in what you are avoiding to do.
0	The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.	I think the number one thing you can do is plan your internships appropriately.
0	I think it would.	I would think not.
0	If you don't do it, you go to bed early.	If you ask, you may not get but if you don't ask, you don't get.
0	The best way to save on clothes is up to you.	The best way to do this is to use IRR.
0	Yes, you should make a résumé.	Yes, you should talk to your professor.
0	I don't think that there's any.	I do not think there's any appreciable difference.
0	Some things you might consider:	Some things to check:
0	I have the same thing.	I have exactly the same problem.
0	You shouldn't feel any obligation at all.	You don't need sauce at all.
4	I've had this same problem.	I had this problem before.
5	I was in a similar situation.	I have been in a similar situation.
5	I think you really have to ask yourself if its worth it, the risk/reward.	If it's the second, I have no idea how to help you.
5	At the end of the day you have to make him work for you.	I'll have that report ready for you by the end of the day 
5	I think you aren't far off.	I think you are misreading the picture.
5	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	What you want to say is that you read a lot.
5	You don't have to know.	You don't have to badmouth him.
5	English is really widespread, so that would be your best bet.	Seems your best bet would be to use resistance bands.
5	You may have to experiment and find what you like.	You have to find out what works for you.
1	I think it would.	I think I would just ignore it.
1	Yes, you can do it with a passive Y-splitter.	You can do it, too.
1	I know you didn't ask for screws, but they do tend to be the most practical solution.	(But for that, I don't think you have to do them in the morning.
1	This depends on what exactly you're applying for.	Depends on what flavours exactly you are going for.
1	This is a great one... 	is it this one?
1	I have to add a few things to Randomman's answer:	I'd add a few things to hobodave's response:
1	One tool that can help you to control the frequency of your strokes is a tempo trainer.	If you can afford the help of a personal trainer, go for one.
1	The two things you can do to really help here are:	Here are the obvious things:
1	In the end, It's all about how you present it if questioned in an Interview.	It's all in how you ask the question.
1	Computer Science This really depends on the institution and the group.	This really depends on your twins.
1	To my knowledge, there's no time requirement.	To the best of my knowledge, there's no firm date requirement.
1	Take a look at these:	Take a look at creative nonfiction.
1	There's nothing that you can do or not do to change that other person's wages.	There's not a lot you can do about that.
1	I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious.	I don't know if you're working hard, but many people are.
1	No you are not.	They are not nominative.
1	Can you do this?	Don't you hate that?
1	There is no reason to worry.	There is no universally-agreed way to do it.
1	You will have absolutely no issues.	Absolutely say you have something to declare.
1	It depends on how it's used.	But really, it depends on how you plan to use it.
1	It really depends on how the employer documents it.	It depends on how it's used.
1	My answer to your question is "Probably Not".	This is a part answer to your question
1	The key thing to realize here is that it's not your job to make people do their work.	It really isn't your problem how they are going to find a qualified person to do the job.
4	The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.	At this stage the best thing for you to do is probably rest.
4	If you have the ability, you can rearrange songs yourself.	If you have the willingness, then you can do it yourself.
4	I am not sure this is the right site for the question.	I am not entirely sure this is the right place to answer those questions.
4	At the end of the day you have to make him work for you.	Most of the work you will need to do for this is during the day.
4	I think the answer that we don't know.	We don't know the brothers were wrong.
4	I think it is depends on the program.	It highly depends on the discipline.
4	I think there's a good solution to this.	And I think its a good way to deal with situation like this.
4	You can do it, too.	You can do it.
4	Here's the issue as I see it.	Here's what I found.
4	What kind of insulation is it?	What sort of brush is it?
4	Sure, you have advisors, but they can only guess what is going to be.	I don't know where you live, but in the UK, they legally have to be.
4	You don't need any visa.	No, you don't need a transit visa.
4	I agree with the other comments.	I disagree with the other answers.
4	I don't think that there's any.	There really isn't any good ways that I'm aware of.
4	If you want to be a manager, that's another story.	A contact is valuable to you if you think that he could be helpful to you down the line.
4	This is not a good idea.	This is a really bad idea.
4	It depends entirely on your company and your contract.	It really depends on your audience and setting.
4	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	You need to do whatever you most want to improve on first.
4	This is my recipe I translated from Italian website.	I used the recipe on this website for my first time making yogurt.
4	Not a direct answer to the question, but something to consider.	Not that this is a direct answer to your specific question, but it may be a solution.
4	It always works for me.	I always freeze it.
4	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	So if that's what you need, you really do have to be explicit about it.
4	You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.
4	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	The answer is related to what you are connecting, and how you know your boss.
4	Not a direct answer to the question, but something to consider.	Not a real answer to your question, but maybe it helps.
1	When I was a kid, we used to run over them with the car.	"I used to do it a lot," I explained, "when I was a kid.
1	You need to identify the source.	You have to stop them at the source.
1	), but it is not.	But it is not a good idea.
1	You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	You have not quite mentioned what kind of work you would want to do.
1	There are two possible causes for this:	There are two options for you - 
5	It very much depends on the grant in question.	It depends on the fine print.
5	I believe the name of the movie you are looking for is Poltergeist 3.	I think you're looking for the movie
5	I was in a similar situation.	I was recently in a similar situation.
5	The professional way is to let them know that you are not intending to take the position offered.	Let them know that it is ok to come to you any time they have questions in the future.
5	Sure, you have advisors, but they can only guess what is going to be.	This is how I suspect the circuit is wired, but you'll have to investigate to be sure.
5	If you don't do it, you go to bed early.	If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.
5	They probably won't block your entry, as long as you pay the fine.	As long as you don't block off the vent at all, you should be fine.
5	I think you've pretty much done your review.	I think you've pretty much answered your own question.
5	Couple of things to add:	Just to correct a couple of mistakes:
5	I think it's fine to ask this question.	I think there's a good solution to this.
5	The answer depends on where you are.	This depends on the equipment that you are using.
5	You might want to check out the rasgueado technique.	Regarding the first question, you might want to check Maxroam.
5	I agree with the other comments.	I agree with the previous comments.
3	Short Zen answer would be:	The short answer is :
3	The answer to both questions is: Yes.	If the answer to any of these questions is yes, a PhD may be worthwhile for you.
5	It rather depends on which country you're in.	That depends on which country you are in.
5	It depends on how it's used.	It depends on how the cheese is made.
5	I'm of the same mind as SF.	I had the same problem as you.
5	The key thing to realize here is that it's not your job to make people do their work.	It is not your job to agree with the decisions but to do your best to make them work.
5	That way if someone finds where you were, they know the direction to look for you in.	Apply to the one you think you want, and also describe that you're interested in the other.
5	Yes it will help.	Yes Kilz will probably contain it.
5	I believe the name of the movie you are looking for is Poltergeist 3.	I believe this is the episode you are looking for.
5	This question is answered on wikipedia:	Ochef.com answered this question.
5	Voltron is the name of the show you're looking for	The answer you are looking for is in the name of the building.
5	You are on the right path.	You are right about the overtaking rules.
5	This is a terrible idea.	This is a bad idea.
