4	Should I drink water during my workout?	How can I get my toddler to drink more water?
4	How can I put something in book format without "publishing" it?	How can I "time-stamp" my data without publishing it?
4	How do I stop my dog from jumping on me?	How do I make my dog forget a command?
4	What's the best way to store asparagus?	What's the correct way to store fats?
4	How do I make a height adjustable desk?	How can I build a wall mounted adjustable height desk?
4	What is the best time and temperature for taste when cooking a salmon fillet in the oven?	What is the best oil to use when cooking in a wok?
4	How can I find out why my washing machine trips the outlet?	How can I figure out why my washing machine is tripping the GFCI receptacle?
5	What should I look for in a jump rope?	What should I look for in a running shoe?
5	Should I use IRA money to pay down my student loans?	Should I cash out my IRA to pay my student loans?
0	Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands?	Do I need a transit visa at Amsterdam to stay in airport?
0	How do you remove paint from hair?	How can I remove paint from slotted screw heads?
0	Would a Colombian citizen with Canadian residency need a transit visa for the UK?	Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK?
0	How can I locate and repair a leak?	How can I locate and repair a break in a circuit?
0	How can I get my dog to slow down when eating?	How can I get my dog get used to a new small environment?
0	What is the best way to repair a cracked bathtub?	What is the best way to fix this garage floor?
0	What does paying by invoice mean?	What does it mean by a "research university"?
0	How important is the pronunciation of a toddler's first words?	How important is a catchy first paragraph?
0	How do I remove paint from a wood floor?	How can I remove a portion of a hardwood floor board?
0	How to strengthen my wrists?	How to strengthen calf muscles?
0	How to address a professor in letter?	How to cite a letter in an anthology?
0	What's the best way to store asparagus?	What's the best way to store unused sushi rice?
4	What olive is a good taste substitute for Kalamata?	What is a good substitute for ground veal?
4	What does the scorpion represent in Drive?	What does the origami represent in Blade Runner?
4	How to select a workout plan?	How to create a workout plan?
4	What are the bus (coach) connections from Thessaloniki, Greece to Tbilisi, Georgia?	Is there a bus from Tbilisi, Georgia to Thessaloniki, Greece?
2	How can I get my colleagues to stop interrupting me?	How do I motivate my colleagues?
2	OK we're all nerds here, so really, how on earth should I use a Japanese toilet?	OK we are all adults here, so really, how on earth should I live without bidet?
2	How do you remove paint from hair?	How do I remove paint from a wood floor?
2	How does arbitration work in baseball?	How does velveting work?
2	How can I use persimmons in a cooked dish?	How do I recognize if a dish cannot be cooked in a gas oven?
2	If lost in the wilderness, what is the first thing I should do?	What is the most important survival tool I should have when in the wilderness?
2	What is the PhD application process for Germany and Switzerland?	What is the process for PhD applications and contacting professors in France?
2	How can I replace a ceiling fan light pull chain?	How can I replace a recessed light with a ceiling fan?
2	How can I work out how valuable I am to my boss and company?	How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task?
2	What is the best way to store fresh berries?	What is the best way to store homemade sauces?
2	Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland?	Do I need a transit visa at Amsterdam to stay in airport?
2	What is the best way to store fresh berries?	What's the best way to store asparagus?
2	What can I do to make my writing fit the 1950s?	Can I do anything to make my gas oven better?
2	How do I prepare a wall for backsplash tile?	How should I prepare a sub-floor for porcelain tile?
2	Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?	Does one need to fill in a form for a Visa On Arrival?
2	How do I wire a bathroom exhaust fan/light to two switches?	How do I install a bathroom exhaust system?
2	What does "do." mean in old recipes?	What does "To book in house" mean?
2	How can I stop my pie from burning?	How can I stop sweaty hands?
2	How to build plastic prototype?	How to build disassemblable structure?
2	Do I need a teacher to learn violin?	Do I need to write a bibliography?
2	How to get funding for this idea?	How to get rid of this shed?
2	How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task?	How to I make my dog understand that I want him to go to a certain spot?
2	Is it possible to replace a switch with a receptacle?	Is it possible to replace a ceiling fan speed controller with a switch?
2	How long can I safely keep a thawing pork shoulder in the fridge?	How long can I keep a leg of ham in the fridge?
2	What is the correct way to secure a gas standalone range?	What is the correct way to read a gas meter?
2	How can I manage applying for 2 more jobs when I already have a part time job?	How can I put my resume online when I already have a job?
2	How do I make my dog forget a command?	How do I fix a door frame that my dog chewed?
2	How much thinset is enough?	How much copying is okay?
2	Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland?	Do I need a visa to transit India?
2	How can I prevent my ferrets from smelling bad?	How can I prevent my ferrets from chewing on wires?
2	How can I replace a ceiling fan light pull chain?	How can I replace my light fixture with a ceiling fan?
3	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a transit visa for layover in Italy?
3	How can I connect additional wires to a receptacle?	How do I connect the wires to this USB receptacle?
0	What kind of socket is this?	What type of faucet is this?
0	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	What is the difference between a mode and a scale?
2	What does this tablature notation mean?	What does the conversation mean?
2	How do I maintain a good relationship with my old boss after being promoted?	How do I maintain a good relationship with an employer after resigning?
5	How can I tell if I'm planking correctly?	How can I tell if my cat is pregnant?
5	Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?	Do I need a transit visa for a stop in London?
5	Where could the air in the water system be coming from?	Where could water be coming from inside the joint between bathtub and wall tiles?
5	What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each?	What are the pros and cons of storing bread in various locations?
5	How to get rid of oversleeping?	How to get rid of weevils?
5	How long should it take to read a paper?	How long should it take to get a Russian passport?
5	How do I install switches in this box?	How do I install this sump basin?
5	Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands?	What visa do I need to visit my uncle in the UK?
5	How do I clean the bottom of a gas grill?	How do I clean a pasta maker?
5	How High Can I Raise My Lights?	Can I use my dehydrator to raise bread?
5	What is the difference between a Rollover IRA and a Roth IRA?	What is the difference between a filler word and a discourse marker?
5	How do I keep my dog's water clean?	How do I make my dog forget a command?
5	Where can I find a good vocabulary list?	Where can I find the dividend history for a stock?
5	How can I wire my WIFI thermostat to control my millivolt fireplace?	How can I add tile to my fireplace?
5	What's the difference between stroganoff and goulash?	What is the difference between portamento and glissando?
5	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need an airport transit visa through Switzerland if I have a Schengen visa?
5	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	What is the difference between a prawn and a shrimp?
5	Is it safe to travel to Turkey at this time (August 2013)?	Is it safe to travel to Kiev at the moment?
5	How can I help my dog adjust to a move?	How can I get my dog get used to a new small environment?
5	What instrument is this?	What is this Chord Notation?
5	What was the meaning of "21 grams"?	What's the meaning of "first-page-first order"?
5	How much water is too much?	Drinking how much water is considered too much water?
5	How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain?	How do I connect a ceiling fan without a light kit?
5	How do you teach a toddler not to share?	How to teach a toddler how to treat a book?
5	How can I get my dog to slow down when eating?	How can I get my dog to stop being so sensitive to noise?
5	How should I ground a GFCI to a metal box?	How should I connect to a short ground wire in a metal box?
5	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a UK or Ireland transit visa when flying from the US to a Schengen country?
5	Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands?	Do I need a transit visa in Paris and Panama?
5	What is the actual difference between Graduate and Undergraduate texts?	what is the difference between Erebor and Moria?
5	How can I control a bath fan with two lights through a single wire?	How can I replace a single switch with two switches?
5	How does one invent a cookie recipe?	How does the number of eggs affect a cookie recipe?
5	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a transit visa for layover in Luanda?
5	What is the difference between EFTA and the EU?	What is the difference between chicken cubes and ground chicken?
5	How do I keep an egg from cracking while being boiled?	How do I prevent an egg cracking while hard boiling it?
3	What kind of spider web is this - and how do I get rid of it?	How do I get rid of this mould?
3	How can I prepare this old exterior wall for painting?	How do I prepare this porous interior wall for paint?
3	What does "do." mean in old recipes?	What does "respectively" mean in the Tenth Amendment?
3	What is the difference between analog and digital effects pedals?	What is the difference between portamento and glissando?
3	How can I control a bath fan with two lights through a single wire?	How do I wire a bath fan?
3	Why is there no water in the kitchen?	Why is there no hot water in the kitchen?
3	How can I get rid of springtails?	How can I get rid of mosquitoes?
3	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a UK transit visa when travelling in the grace period of a J1 visa?
3	What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each?	What are the pros and cons of feeding on demand?
3	How do I stop my cat from peeing on rugs and linens?	How can I stop my dog from peeing on our neighbor's door?
3	How to address a professor in letter?	How to address a person in a letter?
3	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	What is the difference between a bond and a debenture?
3	How do I fix a hole/gap between my shower tile and the dry wall next to it?	How do I fill a gap between my hearth and the hardwood frame around it?
3	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	What is the difference between portamento and glissando?
3	What do I do with the neutral and ground when wiring a transfer switch?	How do I wire a switch when the wire colors do not match?
3	How do I retrieve a detached plunger from a bathtub drain?	How do I replace a bathtub drain trip lever?
3	How do I stop my dog from jumping on me?	How can I stop my pie from burning?
3	What is the best way to repair a cracked bathtub?	What is the best way to filter the Turkish coffee?
3	How can I reduce my need to do a water change on my turtle's habitat?	How do I know when it's time to change a tube on my amplifier?
3	What is the difference between assertive and non-assertive words?	What is the difference between a diphthong and a glide?
3	Is it ok to use "and/or" in my dissertation?	Is it appropriate for a TA to say "My Students"?
3	What are the pros and cons of setting up a 529 plan for myself?	What are the pros and cons of being co-supervised?
3	Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland?	Do I need a transit Visa when changing terminals in LHR(UK)?
3	I'm an Indonesian citizen. Do I need a visa for South Korea?	Visiting Korea as an Indonesian citizen with a US student visa: Do I need a visa for Korea?
3	What more can I do to improve my credit score?	Can I pay a collection agency in a way that will improve my credit score?
4	What is the difference between an amp and a head?	What is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb?
4	What is the difference between mono and stereo?	what is the difference between Erebor and Moria?
4	How should I fill in pits in a concrete floor so I can install laminate?	How can I paint a concrete floor?
4	Which job title to use?	Which survey software to use?
4	How do I make my own chocolate chips?	I want to make my own cheese. How do I get started?
4	Layover at Narita for 3 hours. Do i need a transit visa?	Do I need a transit visa in Paris and Panama?
4	What kind of socket is this?	What is type of screw is this?
4	How do I track investment performance in Quicken across rollovers?	How do I track 401k rollovers in Quicken?
2	What are the pros and cons of buying a house using an FHA loan?	What are the pros and cons of feeding on demand?
2	How can I stop my pre-schooler from whining?	How can I stop my pie from burning?
2	What kind of socket is this?	What kind of trade is this?
2	Is it normal for cats to eat grass?	Is it normal for a cat to eat moths?
2	What is the origin of cheese dip?	What is the origin of the black/devil riders?
2	Should I contact an editor at the journal that rejected my paper, to ask for feedback?	Should I resubmit a rejected paper to the same journal?
2	Can I ask a company what I should wear to an interview?	What should I ask as an applicant in a job interview?
5	How do you remove mold from a tent?	How do I remove mildew from a tent?
2	What is the best way to toast pecans?	What is the best way to store fresh berries?
2	How can I make sifting easier?	How can I make an exterior door?
2	Should I declare my job application at a meeting?	Should I remind recruiters about my job application status?
2	How can I help my dog adjust to a move?	How can I help a dog to lose weight?
2	Can I travel to Paris with a type A multiple entry visa valid for 3 years?	Can I travel to Finland with a multiple entry visa issued for Italy?
2	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	What is the difference between a complication/twist and a situation?
2	U.S. income tax & charitable donations: How much is income tax reduced by donations?	UK income tax & charitable donations: How much is income tax reduced by donations?
3	How do I replace the front door on a stucco house?	How can I replace the seal on the bottom of my shower door?
3	Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands?	Do I need a transit visa?
3	How can I make an improvised vegetable steamer?	How can I make an exterior door?
3	What is the function of "-ter" in words "laughter" and "daughter"?	Semantic logic of the word "both" in English - different from "and"?
3	Bar ware - What kind of glass is this?	What kind of glass is this?
1	Would a Colombian citizen with Canadian residency need a transit visa for the UK?	Will I Need a Transit visa or ESTA for the US as a Canadian?
4	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a UK airside transit visa, if I already have a UK visitor visa?
1	How much water is too much?	How much thinset is enough?
1	What should I look for in a jump rope?	What should I look for in a rope for climbing?
1	How long can you keep chocolate in the freezer?	How long should you keep Salami for?
1	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Can I apply for US visa while I am a visitor in Canada?
1	What to look for when choosing a new bathtub?	Should I look for a new job?
1	What are the pros and cons of Jefferson vs conventional deadlifts?	What are the pros and cons of feeding on demand?
1	How does arbitration work in baseball?	How does leverage work?
1	Is it possible to replace a switch with a receptacle?	Is it safe to replace a switch with a dimmer on halogen spots?
3	How High Can I Raise My Lights?	How can I determine why my lights are flickering?
3	Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?	Transit Visa in the UK?
3	How can I remove wax from a wooden counter so I can resurface it with Danish oil?	How can I remove paint from a wood deck so I can stain it?
3	Do I really need a redundant sump pump?	Do I need to install a sump pump?
4	Layover at Narita for 3 hours. Do i need a transit visa?	Layover at Narita, Japan. Do I need a transit visa?
2	How can I remove a key that has broken off in a lock?	How can I remove a jammed, broken key from a lock?
2	What should I look for in a jump rope?	What should I look for in electronic measurement of body composition?
2	How long boiled egg can be stored in fridge?	How long can formula be stored in fridge and freezer?
2	How do I stop my daughter from hitting another child?	How do my wife and I stop our son from learning to swear from us?
2	What is the difference between an amp and a head?	What is the difference between a conservatory and an orangery?
2	How to deal with company that doesn't set expectations or tasks for me?	How to deal with dreaded tasks?
2	what are the pros and cons of structured deposits?	What are the pros and cons of feeding on demand?
2	How do I teach my toddler to chew his food?	How do I teach my toddler not to stuff her cheeks with food?
2	Can I connect two load lines to a GFCI receptacle?	How can I connect additional wires to a receptacle?
3	How can I work out how valuable I am to my boss and company?	How can I convince my boss I am the right person to lead a future team?
2	How do you buy the right train ticket in the UK?	Do I have to validate train tickets in the UK?
2	Do I need to ground my above ground pool / with saltwater system?	Do I need to ground my pool?
2	How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain?	How do I install a ceiling fan remote?
2	How can I thaw a frozen exterior drain quickly?	How can I move a drain line?
2	How should I install a thermostat for a baseboard heater?	Do you have to have a thermostat for an electrical baseboard heater?
2	Can I connect my 50 amp generator to a 30 Amp plug?	How can I connect my 30 amp electric dryer to a 50 amp plug?
2	I'm an Indonesian citizen. Do I need a visa for South Korea?	What visas do I need for traveling to South East Asia if I'm a Canadian Citizen?
2	How do I replace a broken halogen bulb in the recessed light in my bathroom?	How can I replace the bulb in this ceiling fan?
3	How do I remedy a ledger board that is pulling away from the house?	How do I fix a vinyl covering that is coming away from the outside deck support beam?
3	What is the likelihood of a PhD admission if a professor agrees to supervise?	What is the value to a student of a professor offering to supervise their PhD?
3	How long does cooked TVP keep in the fridge?	How long does cooked pasta last in the fridge?
3	Why are balls of fur behind my dog's ears, and how do I get rid of them?	What are the small white ants in my apartment and how do I get rid of them?
3	Will getting a secured credit card to buy a single expensive item hurt my credit or help it?	Will getting a second credit card help my credit rating?
3	How familiar should you be with a topic before assigning it as a thesis to an undergraduate?	As a student, how should I ask a professor for an opportunity to do research with them?
3	How long does tortilla dough keep for?	How long should you keep Salami for?
3	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland?
3	What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each?	What are the different types of drywall anchors, and what are the advantages of each?
3	How can I tell if I'm planking correctly?	How can I tell if my microphone is broken?
3	How can I deaden the vibration noise of a box fan?	How can I reduce the noise from a bathroom fan?
3	What is the difference between a 'trader' and a 'stockbroker'?	Difference between an 'Abstract' and an 'Introduction' in a feature article?
3	How do you reduce a cream sauce?	How do you open a coconut?
3	What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each?	What are the pros and cons of doubling on two brass instruments?
3	How long can I keep sauteed onions in the fridge?	How can I store chopped onions in the fridge without the smell?
3	Do I need to apply for ESTA?	Flying from California to Texas: do I need ESTA?
2	How can I get my colleagues to stop interrupting me?	How can I stop my pie from burning?
2	How should I patch a popcorn ceiling?	Should I replace or patch a plaster ceiling?
2	What are the principles of improvisation in newgrass music?	What are the principles of improvisation in Indian music?
2	How does Elimination Communication work?	How does leverage work?
2	What do I do if a professor at a foreign university doesn't respond to my emails?	What should I do if a professor says she doesn't understand my questions in office hours?
2	Can I do anything to make my gas oven better?	What Steps Should I Take to Troubleshoot My Gas Oven?
2	What are Automatic Garage Door Options for a Garage with a Low Ceiling Clearance?	What are my lighting options for a pole-barn garage?
2	What can I do to make my writing fit the 1950s?	What can I do to make my writing less choppy?
2	Can I continue to travel within the US on an expired visa?	Can I travel within the US with an expired visa?
2	How should I make a budget?	How should I translate this?
2	How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain?	How do I wire a ceiling fan?
2	How can I keep my dog from barking when I don't know what he's barking at?	How do I stop my dog from barking at people through the fence?
2	How hard is it to get an academic position in Australia/New Zealand with a PhD from the US?	How hard is it for a graduate from Canada to find an employment in the US?
2	How should I store eggs in the refrigerator?	How should I store steaks in the freezer?
2	I accepted an offer, then the company stopped responding. Do I keep chasing the offer?	Do I tell recruiter whose offer I will decline, the details of the offer that I have accepted?
2	What's wrong with my replacement GFCI outlet?	What went wrong with my brownies?
2	How does muscle confusion work?	How does leverage work?
2	How do I make a pot of coffee on a bbq grill?	How to make good coffee in a Moka pot?
2	What are some songs/music piece that I can use to practice Violin?	What are some materials that I can use to build a chalkboard?
2	Travelling to Romania for 4 days by Schengen visa issued by Germany?	Travelling to Romania on a short stay Schengen visa issued by France?
4	What is the likelihood of a PhD admission if a professor agrees to supervise?	What is the motivation for a graduate student to help to develop a professor's MOOC?
4	Should I go for an interview if I feel I am not prepared?	Should I be flexible or decisive if asked when I'm available for an interview?
4	How hard is it to get an academic position in Australia/New Zealand with a PhD from the US?	Is it more difficult to score a Tenure Track position in the US when applying from outside?
4	Is it ok to apply for more than one Phd student program?	Is it advisable to apply to more than one PhD program?
2	How familiar should you be with a topic before assigning it as a thesis to an undergraduate?	How to decide if an advisor should be considered as a co-author of a paper or not?
2	What are the pros and cons of feeding on demand?	What are the pros and cons of using a nanny-cam?
2	What is the professional way to follow up with a manager for project opportunity?	What is the professional way to deal with my manager's boss?
0	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need to apply for a visa to enter to South Korea if I already got Aus visa?
0	What are the pros and cons of feeding on demand?	What are the pros and cons of LED lighting for home use?
0	What is the best way to toast pecans?	What is the best way to treat a jammed finger?
0	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I require a transit visa for Cuba?
0	Do I need to update my resume when not looking for a job?	How do I highlight my portfolio when applying to jobs that just ask for cover letter and CV?
0	What was the average percentage of taxes in Europe during the Middle Ages?	What was the average size of French families during the Middle Ages?
0	What is the best way to toast pecans?	What is the best way to introduce cats to newborns?
0	What should I look for in a jump rope?	What should I look for in a good metronome?
0	What is the best way to repair a cracked bathtub?	What is the best way to clean a grater?
1	How can I get my dog to slow down when eating?	How can I train my dog to behave for grooming?
1	How is rental income taxed?	How is income earned on a J1 student visa taxed?
1	How do we teach our toddler that it's okay to go on the potty?	How do we help our toddler to sleep through the night?
1	Do I need to update my resume when not looking for a job?	What should I consider before wearing Google Glass to a job interview when I do development for them?
1	How do I find out whether my flight has WiFi?	How can I find out my credit-score?
1	How do I raise my garage ceiling after spray foaming?	How do I raise my box bed?
1	What should I look for in a new car (automobile)?	What should I look for in a new kitchen knife set?
1	What is the best way to store fresh berries?	What is the best way to store chopped vegetables?
1	What's the process to get an Indonesian tourist visa for a US citizen?	How to check the status of an application for a UK work visa for an Indian?
1	What does paying by invoice mean?	What does overhead rate mean?
1	How can I work out how valuable I am to my boss and company?	Put onto a project I don't want to do. How can I tell my boss?
1	Why doesn't my cat lick me?	Why does my cat's sneeze contain blood?
1	How do you keep up with a toddler?	How do you teach a toddler not to share?
1	Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland?	Do I need a UK or Ireland transit visa when flying from the US to a Schengen country?
1	Is there a term for the opposite of the Chuck Cunningham Syndrome?	Is there a name for the inverse of the impostor syndrome?
1	What kind of socket is this?	What kind of lightbulb is this?
1	Do we NEED to help a baby learn how to self-sooth? And how long can it take?	How can I learn how to focus better?
1	How do I fix this leaking dishwasher drain pipe?	How can I fix a leaking sprinkler valve?
1	What could be wrong with my furnace?	What could be wrong with my dryer timer?
1	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a transit visa?
1	How exactly do the sounds of Arabic "ﻕ" and Georgian "ყ" differ?	What's the difference between the Lao vowel letters "ໄ" and "ໃ"?
1	Should I look for a new job?	Moved to a new country and not enjoying the new job, should I look for a new one?
1	How to get rid of oversleeping?	How to get rid of cellulite?
1	What is the best way to store fresh berries?	What is the best way to store carrots?
0	Reapplying to same PhD program after one year, should I state I applied the previous year?	Should I apply for PhD program this year after one semester of research experience, or wait another year?
0	What's the best way to store asparagus?	What is the best way to store energy?
0	What would I need to show to change fields and get into a physics PhD program?	What do I need to do to get a master's degree in neuroscience?
0	What could be causing my GFCI to trip?	What could be causing my AFCI to trip?
0	Is it right to expect my co-workers to have the same dedication to work as mine?	Is it okay to give a gift to my research mentor who happens to be the dean?
0	What is the difference between an amp and a head?	what is the difference between Erebor and Moria?
0	How can I determine how much my car insurance will cost me?	How can I find out how much a dealer would really pay for my car?
0	In the Avengers movie, why did they close the portal?	Why was the Avengers movie called something different in the UK?
0	Is it normal for a 12-year-old to have Vibrato?	Is it normal for a kitten to have a big belly?
0	Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands?	Do I need a transit visa for Germany on the way to Canada?
0	How can I stop my fireplace from disabling my thermostat?	How can I stop my pie from burning?
0	What happened at the end of Rocky?	What happened at the end of Her?
0	What is the best way to store fresh berries?	What is the best way to cite an anonymous writer?
4	What's the best way to seal around this faucet?	What's the best way to avoid slipping on ice?
4	How do I remove paint from a wood floor?	How can I remove small paint specks from a wooden floor?
2	How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task?	How to politely tell my boss that I want to take on a different role?
2	If lost in the wilderness, what is the first thing I should do?	What should I do if I feel the pilot is guiding the flight in the wrong direction?
2	Can I patent work after I have published a paper about it?	I found out that I have plagiarism in my published journal papers, what should I do now?
2	After a job interview, is it inappropriate if I want to talk to an employee in private?	Is it a bad idea to attend an interview for a job you don't plan to take?
2	How do you keep up with a toddler?	How do you keep a toddler safe around water?
2	Why is compensation so much higher in the US than in Western Europe on average?	Why is interest on MMA lower in the US than in Europe?
5	How do I reheat a casserole in the oven?	How do I reheat a casserole in the microwave?
5	Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?	Do I need a transit visa for a technical stop in Australia?
5	What is the difference between an amp and a head?	What is the difference between a school and a department?
5	What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast?	What is the difference between customs and immigration?
5	What are the pros and cons of Jefferson vs conventional deadlifts?	What are the pros and cons of eating 1-3 grapefruits every day?
5	What is a mezrag-holder?	What is a timeshare?
5	How do I stop my dog from jumping on me?	How do I stop toothpaste from piling up on the cover?
5	What's the best way to store asparagus?	What's the best way to replace this sink supply line?
5	As a postdoc, how to make sure I get credit for helping undergrad and grad students?	As a student, how should I ask a professor for an opportunity to do research with them?
5	What parameter is best to increase - time or temperature?	What is the best temperature to store honey at?
5	What kind of material do I need above the tile line in my shower?	What kind of water filter do I need?
5	Can I connect two load lines to a GFCI receptacle?	How can I install a new bathroom GFCI receptacle?
5	Replacing a hot water heater: tank or tankless?	Calculate savings from/cost-effectiveness of installing a tankless hot water heater?
5	What could be wrong with my air conditioner?	What could be wrong with my A/C unit?
2	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do i need a transit visa for Paris if i have a Schengen visa issued by Portugal?
2	How much time can you ask before joining a new company?	Can a new company see how much you're being paid?
2	What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each?	What are the pros and cons of using a nanny-cam?
2	What is the significance of the cat?	What is the significance of the abstract painting?
3	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Flying USA to UK via Canada with Spanish passport. Do I need to apply for a visa?
3	What is the motivation behind using the 2-3-2 (vs. 2-2-1-1-1) series format for the NBA Finals?	What is the rationale behind the choice of animation style for The Clone Wars series (2008-2014)?
3	How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain?	How do I wire a ceiling fan with a light kit?
3	Should I let potential employers know I have a job offer?	Should I tell my boss I have a full time job offer?
3	What would be a good substitute for Rice Wine?	What is a good pine nut substitute for pesto?
3	How do I repair water-damaged hardwood floors?	How can I repair my floors' finish?
2	How do I clean reclaimed wood from construction?	How do I remove paint from a wood floor?
2	What could be wrong with my furnace?	What could be wrong with my A/C unit?
2	How should I use heat tape?	How should I translate this?
2	Do we NEED to help a baby learn how to self-sooth? And how long can it take?	How much do I need to sleep?
2	What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast?	What is the difference between portamento and glissando?
2	Is it appropriate to call a professor for a recommendation on the weekend?	Is it appropriate to ask a professor via e-mail for a letter of recommendation?
2	What could be causing water pressure to build up after changing my under sink filter?	What could be causing water to back up into my bathroom basin?
0	Can I use romex in my unfinished, detached garage or should I use MC?	Can I use Romex in an unfinished basement or attic?
0	Why are Cinnabons so soft and moist?	Why is my bread so dense and moist?
0	U.S. income tax & charitable donations: How much is income tax reduced by donations?	Canadian income tax & charitable donations: How much is income tax reduced by donations?
0	Where can I find a good vocabulary list?	Where can I find a complete list of Freddie Green chords?
3	What is the best way to toast pecans?	What is the best way to cite an anonymous writer?
3	What's the difference between a "false cognate" and a "false friend"?	What's the difference between a Flanger and a Phaser?
3	Glue underlayment to concrete: how long does it take to cure?	How long should it take concrete to fully cure?
4	How do I ask my boss to pay for an expense?	My boss wants to buy me a gift. How do I account for taxes for this?
4	When is it a remix, and when is it a cover?	When is MSG suitable and when is it not?
4	How do you teach a toddler not to share?	How do I teach my toddler not to stuff her cheeks with food?
4	How long will a balsamic reduction keep?	How long will cold brew keep?
4	What does the term "Out of the Furnace" refer to?	What does "The Middle" refer to in the TV show "The Middle"?
4	What is the difference between mono and stereo?	What is the difference between a filler word and a discourse marker?
4	Does this beginning hook the reader?	Does my story beginning hook the reader? (dialogue + narration)?
4	How do I stop my daughter from hitting another child?	How can I stop my pie from burning?
4	How do I adjust for a door jamb that's thicker than the wall?	How do I install a garden door that's thicker than the wall?
4	How can I remove a really stuck screw?	How can I remove this screw?
3	How do you remove mold from a tent?	How to remove mold from Styrofoam ceiling tiles?
3	Job transfer with a house I can't sell. How should I handle it?	A colleague owes me money. How do I / should I claim it back?
3	Is it better to request a recommendation letter in person after class or by email?	Is it appropriate to ask a professor via e-mail for a letter of recommendation?
2	What are some good strength exercises for marathon runners?	What are some good alternative shoes for strength training?
2	Should I go for an interview if I feel I am not prepared?	Should I appear in a test, if I have not completely prepared for it?
2	How to get from Rzeszów to Lviv?	How to go from Gilimanuk to Denpasar?
2	Which is the cheapest ferry to Jeju in South Korea?	Which ferry from China to South Korea is the cheapest?
2	How should I patch a large hole in brick?	How do I patch a large hole in plaster and lath?
2	Can I repair a plaster ceiling with drywall?	How can I smooth out a poor drywall repair?
2	What is the difference between an amp and a head?	What is the difference between portamento and glissando?
2	what is the difference between Erebor and Moria?	What is the difference between splicing and superimposition?
2	What should I look for in a new car (automobile)?	What should I look for in a running shoe?
2	How do I retrofit a junction box in an insulated wall?	How do I seal an electrical box for a ceiling fan?
2	How can I remove old tea stain from carpet/rug?	How can I remove a coffee stain from carpet?
2	How can I win my Supervisor's trust to do some big work?	Put onto a project I don't want to do. How can I tell my boss?
2	What olive is a good taste substitute for Kalamata?	What would be a good substitute for Rice Wine?
2	How should I make a budget?	How high should I make my yurt platform?
2	How do I keep my dog's water clean?	How do I apply ear medicine to my dog's ears?
2	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a visa to transit in the Schengen area?
2	My name was misspelled in a citation, what should I do?	For publications, what do I do when my first name is abbreviated?
2	What can I eat the night before to help me get up in the morning?	What trigger do you use to get up early in the morning?
3	I have a Schengen visa but my UAE Residence visa cancelled. Can I still travel then?	Can I travel to the UK if my Schengen visa expired?
4	What could be causing my GFCI to trip?	What could be causing GFCI breakers and receptacles to trip?
2	How can I locate and repair a leak?	How can I repair a ground-fault?
2	How do I convert a ceiling fan with 2 separate wall switches to a separate fan & light switch?	How do I wire 2 switches to control a ceiling light?
1	How long does cooked TVP keep in the fridge?	How long will uncooked chicken keep in the fridge?
4	How can I get my colleagues to stop interrupting me?	How can I get my colleague to stop calling me over to his desk when he wants my help?
0	What is the difference between assertive and non-assertive words?	What is the difference between portamento and glissando?
2	Apply for new UK tourist visa from home while current one is still valid?	Which UK tourist visa should I apply for?
2	What is the difference between assertive and non-assertive words?	what is the difference between Erebor and Moria?
2	After a job interview, is it inappropriate if I want to talk to an employee in private?	When (if ever) in the interview process is it appropriate to recommend a colleague?
0	What is the relation between the words "Cossack" and "Kazakh"?	What is the difference between "mince" and "dice"?
0	Do I need to ground my above ground pool / with saltwater system?	How should I level the ground for my above ground pool?
0	How do you remove paint from hair?	How do I effectively remove dog hair from carpets?
0	What kind of spider web is this - and how do I get rid of it?	What kind of valve is this and how do I disconnect it?
0	What is the difference between a 'trader' and a 'stockbroker'?	What is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb?
0	What's the best way to store asparagus?	What is the best way to clean a grater?
0	Is "Why We Get Fat: And What to Do About It" thesis correct?	What is "mud-jacked", and why is it not done in the UK?
0	How can I help my dog adjust to a move?	How to remove a ticks on my dog?
0	Is it a good idea to go to the airport and ask for the next cheap flight to anywhere?	Is it possible for me to take a visa to Vienna and travel to Prague?
0	Why does the shower get cold when I flush, and how can I prevent it?	Why does cheese sometimes slide off my pizza and how can I prevent it?
0	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need both a UK visa and a Schengen visa?
0	How much water is too much?	Protein: How much is too much?
0	Can I run 3 feet of water pipe in the attic for a rain shower?	Can I run a copper pipe for water in an exterior wall without it freezing in the winter?
0	How can I keep my dog from barking when I don't know what he's barking at?	How to prevent my dog from barking constantly when I am not at home?
0	Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?	Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands?
0	How should I deal with colleagues asking me to hide problems with their work?	How to deal with problems associated with dyslexia?
0	What if I don't have enough work sample for an interview?	What should I do if I have an idea but can't work on it immediately?
2	How do I prepare a wall for backsplash tile?	How do I prepare this porous interior wall for paint?
2	What size dry bag is best for keeping and washing clothes?	Bag technique for washing clothes while backpacking?
2	What happened at the end of Rocky?	What happened at the end of The Grey?
2	How should I store eggs in the refrigerator?	How should I store beansprouts?
2	What kind of spider web is this - and how do I get rid of it?	What type of connector is this and how do I remove it?
2	How can I connect additional wires to a receptacle?	How can I connect a receptacle to a two wire extension cord?
2	How do you remove paint from hair?	How do I remove paint from pipes?
2	What is it that makes bacon so delicious?	What is Turkey Bacon?
2	How can I get rid of fleas?	How to get rid of this shed?
2	What are the pros and cons of using a nanny-cam?	What are the pros and cons of a cultured marble tub?
2	How much water is too much?	How much is too much damage?
2	Is my U.S. driver's license valid in Europe?	Is Greek driver's license valid in the US?
0	What is the best way to store fresh berries?	What is the best way to filter the Turkish coffee?
2	How should I make a budget?	How to make a roux?
2	What kind of socket is this?	What kind of pie is this?
2	Should I have separate savings accounts for various savings goals?	Should I have separate business and personal accounts for my start up?
2	When is it appropriate to close your office door when meeting with a student?	When is it appropriate to work during a meeting?
2	How should I build stud walls to make shelves in a room that has a sloping ceiling and floor?	How should I build a low profile stud wall in a basement?
2	How do you remove mold from a tent?	How do I remove paint from a wood floor?
2	What's the best way to store potatoes and maximize their shelf-life?	What's the best way to store unused sushi rice?
2	How should I groom my dog?	How can I help my dog's furuncles?
2	Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?	Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for Canada?
2	What are the pros and cons of buying a house using an FHA loan?	What are the pros and cons of using a nanny-cam?
2	What is the easiest way to tear out a bathroom subfloor?	What is the easiest way to open a foreign Bank Account?
2	How do I replace a broken bathtub drain?	How do I replace a bathtub drain trip lever?
2	How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task?	Do I need to explain to my manager how I got a key to the business park?
2	What is a mezrag-holder?	What is a chairleg camstud?
2	Layover at Narita for 3 hours. Do i need a transit visa?	Do I need an airport transit visa for layover in Germany?
2	Do my kids need to file a tax return?	Do I really need to file an income tax return?
2	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a transit visa for a layover in Turkey?
2	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a visa to visit Belarus if I have a Russian visa?
2	What is "beta" for an investment or a portfolio, and how do I use it?	What is a "wet edge" and how do I maintain one?
2	Can I run 3 feet of water pipe in the attic for a rain shower?	Can I run water lines through the attic?
2	Should I tell prospective employer that I got a raise at my current job?	During my re-interview, should I tell my supervisor and their boss that I am looking for another job?
2	How long can you keep chocolate in the freezer?	How long can you store the bones of a chicken in the refrigerator?
2	Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland?	Do I need a visa to Transit US?
2	What more can I do to improve my credit score?	What exercises can I do to improve my timing?
2	How can I make sifting easier?	How can I make these bath valves easier to use?
2	How to stop feeling bad when you are leaving a company you like for a new job?	What is the first things to do when you start a new job?
2	How do I prepare this porous interior wall for paint?	How do I prepare this exterior concrete wall for paint?
2	What are the technical differences between skeleton and luge?	What are the objective differences between the guitar and the piano?
2	How long should meat be steamed for?	How long should you keep Salami for?
2	what are the pros and cons of structured deposits?	What are the Pros and Cons of Trekking Solo?
2	How do I clean a Hammerite paint brush?	How do I clean teak oil off of a paint brush?
2	Layover at Narita for 3 hours. Do i need a transit visa?	Do I need a transit visa at Amsterdam to stay in airport?
2	Is it safe to leave butter at room temperature?	How do I know if food left at room temperature is still safe to eat?
2	What is the cheapest way to go from Poland to Lyon (France)?	What is the cheapest way to send books from USA to France?
2	Is it possible to overmarinade a steak?	Is it possible to gut-load a mouse?
2	How do I remove paint from a wood floor?	How do I remove a thick layer of paint from tiles?
3	Can I add a porcelain bathroom fixture to existing tile?	How can I add tile to my fireplace?
3	How do I install switches in this box?	How do I install this flush-mount ceiling light?
3	What was the meaning of "21 grams"?	What is the current meaning of "Israel"?
3	How do I remove paint from a wood floor?	How can I remove paint from a deck?
1	How can I improve hvac air flow to my attic?	How can I improve air flow in my basement?
1	What does "do." mean in old recipes?	What does the term "match the market" mean?
1	How can I tell the difference between a rabbit and a cat?	How can I test a rabbit's vision?
1	What is a 13th chord?	What is this Chord Notation?
1	Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?	Do I need a transit visa for a layover in Turkey?
1	What are some great exercises for adult recorder players?	What are some stretching exercises for golf?
1	How do I remove paint from a wood floor?	How do I remove paint from pipes?
4	What's the difference between stroganoff and goulash?	What's the difference between a Flanger and a Phaser?
4	How to remember things you don't often use?	What techniques can I use to remember to do simple things that are context sensitive?
4	What is the difference between an amp and a head?	What is the difference between a filler word and a discourse marker?
4	What is the difference between portamento and glissando?	What is the difference between Melange and Cappuccino?
4	What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each?	What are the pros and cons of being co-supervised?
4	How can I create a disclaimer?	How can I move a drain line?
4	how to blackout a large bedroom window on a budget?	How can I thoroughly blackout a bedroom window on a budget?
5	Layover at Narita for 3 hours. Do i need a transit visa?	Do I need a transit visa if I have 9 hours of layover at Delhi airport?
5	What language does this look like?	What is this language?
4	Can I travel outside of the US during my OPT, but with an expired visa?	Can I continue to travel within the US on an expired visa?
4	Layover at Narita for 3 hours. Do i need a transit visa?	Do i need a transit visa for heathrow airport?
4	What is the best way to repair a cracked bathtub?	What is the best way to store fresh berries?
4	What are the pros and cons of using a nanny-cam?	What are the pros and cons of being co-supervised?
4	What type of pants are good for weight lifting?	What is good workout attire for weight lifting?
0	How do I determine if a pipe is frozen?	How to determine if a faucet is plastic or metal?
0	Do I need to update my resume when not looking for a job?	How do I leave my job when I work for a recruiter?
0	I'm an Indonesian citizen. Do I need a visa for South Korea?	Do I need to apply for a visa to enter to South Korea if I already got Aus visa?
0	Can I repair a plaster ceiling with drywall?	Should I replace or patch a plaster ceiling?
0	What are the pros and cons of buying a house using an FHA loan?	What are the pros and cons of being co-supervised?
0	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a Japan visa?
0	What are the pros and cons of Jefferson vs conventional deadlifts?	What are the pros and cons of LED lighting for home use?
0	Job transfer with a house I can't sell. How should I handle it?	I want to run but have a bad knee. How should I deal with it?
0	What is the easiest way to get rid of spilled glitter?	What is the most effective way to get rid of silverfish?
0	How can I help my dog adjust to a move?	How can I move a drain line?
0	Lowest score that has never scored by a batsman in an innings?	Highest runs that a batsman can score in an over?
0	How to prepare cinder block wall for painting?	How to prepare for a race?
0	What is the difference between EFTA and the EU?	What is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb?
0	How to decide whether contract "had", "did", and "would"?	Do words like "start", "realize", and "decide" add ambiguity to actions?
0	What is the relation between the words "Cossack" and "Kazakh"?	What is the sound law to describe the etymology of “helix” and “vulva”?
0	What signs indicate good water quality for tropical fish?	Besides water quality, what should I consider before adding more tropical fish?
0	How to strengthen my wrists?	How to relax my wrists?
0	How do I know if my cat has worms?	How can I know if my cat is in pain?
0	What could be wrong with my air conditioner?	What could cause my in-wall air conditioner to blow 3 power boards?
0	What is the best way to clean your clothes dryer exhaust?	What is the best way to clean a grater?
5	What loan options are there for minors?	What options are there for consolidating a large amount of private student loan debt?
5	What does "do." mean in old recipes?	What does "basis points" mean in this context?
5	What more can I do to improve my credit score?	What can I realistically do to raise my credit score?
1	Do I have to spend money with my credit card to increase my credit score?	Do I have to pay interest to increase my credit score?
1	How can I install a water inlet for a dishwasher?	How do I install a water line for a refrigerator in a galley kitchen?
1	What does it mean by a "research university"?	What does "basis points" mean in this context?
1	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Will I need a transit visa for US as a Canadian Student Visa holder?
1	How can I remove a really stuck screw?	How can I remove paint from slotted screw heads?
2	How much activity is too much for my older dog?	How much meat is enough for my dog?
2	What is the proper way to hold a subtenant's rental deposit?	What's the easiest way to find a vacation rental?
2	What causes these chips in a cement brick wall, and how can I fix them?	What are these holes in my concrete wall and how can I mount things to them?
2	What is the significance of the scene with the cop near the end of The Artist?	What is the meaning of the apearance of dogs in the good the bad the ugly?
2	Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands?	Do I need a visa to enter the US as a UK citizen in transit?
2	What could be causing my toilet to back up?	What could be causing water to back up into my bathroom basin?
4	Can you thaw a frozen turkey in a dryer?	How can I thaw a frozen exterior drain quickly?
4	How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task?	How do I tell my boss I am moving to a different organization?
4	What is the difference between a Rollover IRA and a Roth IRA?	What are the differences between a "traditional" IRA and a Roth IRA?
4	How can I wire my WIFI thermostat to control my millivolt fireplace?	How can I get my thermostat C wire connected?
4	How to deal with the child when both the parents are not on the same page?	How to deal with the toddler when me and my partner are not on the same page?
1	How can I get a toddler I care for during the day to take a nap?	Where can I go take a nap during the day?
1	In a dialogue, how do you write that a character says a letter?	How do I write a letter to a publisher?
1	Why doesn't my cat lick me?	Why does my cat lick the fur off her lower belly?
1	How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain?	How do I wire a replacement ceiling fan?
4	Where could the air in the water system be coming from?	Where could the water leaching from the base of the drywall be coming from?
4	Is it possible to steam steak?	Is it possible to overmarinade a steak?
4	How can I determine how much my car insurance will cost me?	How can I determine how much to talk about my personal life with clients?
4	How to ask for more details about the job before applying?	How to ask management for more staff?
4	What is the best way to store fresh berries?	What is the best way to start learning a new course?
4	How do I pump up water pressure in my shower?	How can I fix low water pressure in one shower?
4	Job transfer with a house I can't sell. How should I handle it?	Put onto a project I don't want to do. How can I tell my boss?
4	How can I repair my floors' finish?	How do I repair a flaking finish on my wood windows?
4	How can I get rid of springtails?	How can I get rid of my I-94?
4	What are some common beginner mistakes when learning to play the piano?	What's a good book for learning how to play the piano?
4	Why isn't my mini fridge staying cold?	Why isn't my mini fridge getting cold?
4	How to get rid of unwanted and annoying co-author?	How to get rid of this shed?
4	What is the difference between balls in Test and ODI Cricket?	What is the difference between department and faculty?
4	What is the difference between an amp and a head?	Is there a huge difference between 1.6amp and 3amp power usage?
4	Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?	Need to travel Tokyo in layover. Do I need transit visa?
4	Greek type D visa: Can I travel to other Schengen countries?	Can I go to visit Schengen countries with visa type D-mult?
1	Is it possible to steam steak?	Is it possible to breed crickets?
1	What could cause my ceiling fan light to go off after 2 seconds of being on?	What could cause ceiling fan lights to flicker on with power and then go out immediately?
1	What is the significance of the cat?	What is the meaning of the butterfly?
1	What could have caused my GFCI to trip, and what can I do about it?	My wife is pregnant and I don't want to be part of it, what I should do?
1	How should I patch a popcorn ceiling?	How should I make a budget?
1	What is the best way to introduce myself in a letter to a prospective graduate adviser?	What is the best way to introduce cats to newborns?
1	What can I do to minimize my risk of being laid off?	What can I do to stop my child from being over-sensitive?
1	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	What is the difference between a biscuit and a roll?
1	How do I use a floor nailer near the wall?	Can I use a wall tile on the floor?
1	How should I store eggs in the refrigerator?	How long can I store cooked rice in the refrigerator?
4	What is the significance of the scene with the cop near the end of The Artist?	What is the meaning of the line at the end of Chinatown?
4	What can I do about out of square rough opening for new windows?	What can I do about a Rough opening that is REALLY out of square?
1	What's the best way to store potatoes and maximize their shelf-life?	What's the best way to reheat frozen boiled potatoes?
1	What's the best way to store potatoes and maximize their shelf-life?	What's the best way to store asparagus?
2	What is the meaning of the letters on the top of a common hex bolt?	What is the purpose of the crown in the middle of a router mounting plate?
2	How do I keep my dog's water clean?	How can I help my dog's furuncles?
2	What is the safest way to travel from Tehran to North-Pakistan?	What is the best way to travel from IST to Istanbul?
2	How do I paint art onto a wall?	How do I clean a Hammerite paint brush?
2	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	What is the difference between SCI and SCIE?
2	How to deal with meddling coworkers?	How to deal with dreaded tasks?
2	How do i get my 1 yr old to sleep in his crib?	How do we get an eight month old back to sleeping in his crib?
2	Is there any difference between an article and a paper?	Is there a difference between lifting for look/size/strength?
2	What are the principles of improvisation in newgrass music?	What are the principles of improvisation in jazz music?
2	How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task?	How do I tell a colleague that I don't want to add him to Facebook?
2	What's the evidence for and against isochrony?	What are the arguments for and against over-practicing?
2	Is it possible to get a Schengen visa for future date?	Is it possible to get a Canadian visa without concrete plans?
2	What more can I do to improve my credit score?	How can I improve my auto insurance score?
2	should I continue with this research?	How should I translate this?
2	Lose more or gain weight?	Lose weight or Gain Muscle?
2	How to ask for an update on a potential opening?	How to ask for an internal transfer?
2	At what age should a child's self-involvement begin to decrease?	At what age should a child be able to dress herself?
2	What are the pros and cons of Jefferson vs conventional deadlifts?	What are the pros and cons of using a nanny-cam?
2	Can I travel outside of the US during my OPT, but with an expired visa?	Can I travel within the US with an expired visa?
2	What is the significance of the cat?	What is the significance of the three Beggars?
2	What can I eat the night before to help me get up in the morning?	How can I make sure to get up early in the morning and study?
2	What should I look for in strawberries at the market?	What should I look for in a new car (automobile)?
2	how to install pre-finished hardwood floors?	How do I repair water-damaged hardwood floors?
2	How do I replace a broken halogen bulb in the recessed light in my bathroom?	Can I replace broken clips in a recessed light fixture?
2	How to bake a chicken?	How to truss a chicken?
0	What is the best way to treat feline ringworm?	What is the best way to clean a grater?
2	Why is there no water after replacing the filter in a Samsung refrigerator?	Why is there no water in the kitchen?
2	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a transit visa for a technical stop in Australia?
2	When should I use italics in scientific writing?	How much outlining should I use in writing my book?
2	What kind of spider web is this - and how do I get rid of it?	What are these bugs and how do I get rid of them?
0	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a transit visa in Dubai?
0	How do I get play-doh out of the carpet?	How do I get the butter out of my chocolate fondue?
0	What information/guarantees should I get from a company in financial difficulty?	What should I do in a information call from the company of my interest?
0	How do I prepare this porous interior wall for paint?	How do I paint art onto a wall?
0	What's the best way to seal around this faucet?	What's the best way to store asparagus?
4	How to remove construction adhesive from concrete?	How do I remove adhesive from outdoor concrete deck that is textured?
0	What are the pros and cons of setting up a 529 plan for myself?	What are the pros and cons of using a nanny-cam?
0	Does the optimal hypertrophy rep range apply to tired muscles?	Which rep range contributes to the most hypertrophy of calves?
0	Is there any difference between an article and a paper?	Is there a difference between seasoning and flavouring?
0	How do I install switches in this box?	How can I install an exterior electrical box flush in stucco?
0	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	What is the difference between a riff and a lick?
1	What's the difference between stroganoff and goulash?	What's the difference between overtones and harmonics?
1	What should I look for in a jump rope?	What should I look for in a new car (automobile)?
1	What is the difference between a 'trader' and a 'stockbroker'?	Is there a difference between 'Saucisson Sec' and 'Salami'?
1	Is it safe to eat sprouted onions?	Is it safe to eat freshwater fish raw?
1	What's the best way to seal around this faucet?	What's the best way to replace this sink supply line?
1	How can I replace a ceiling fan light pull chain?	How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain?
1	What is the best way to store fresh berries?	What is the best way to store oars?
1	How do I teach my toddler to chew his food?	How do you teach a toddler not to share?
2	How to repair garage ceiling?	How to properly insulate a garage?
2	When should you use metal studs?	Can I use metal studs for framing a shed?
2	How do I repair my porcelain floor?	How can I repair my floors' finish?
2	How do I clean a Hammerite paint brush?	How do I clean a pasta maker?
2	Can anyone tell me what this is?	Can anyone tell me what movie is this?
2	How can you buy train tickets at Oslo Airport?	How to buy train tickets in Indonesia?
2	Can I ask a company what I should wear to an interview?	How should I respond to an inappropriate question in a job interview?
2	Should I look for a new job?	Moving - when should I start looking for a new job?
2	What is the difference between an amp and a head?	What is the difference between customs and immigration?
2	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a visa to transit in LHR?
2	What is the best temperature to store honey at?	What is the proper way to store steak at home?
2	How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain?	How do I add a light to my existing ceiling fan?
2	What is the best way to store fresh berries?	What is the best way to introduce cats to newborns?
2	What goes in a student success statement for a faculty application?	What is a good length for the statement of purpose in a U.S. PhD application?
0	What is the difference between shawarma and gyros?	what is the difference between Erebor and Moria?
4	What type of hardware do I need for a heavy fence gate?	How do I rebuild a large fence gate?
4	Why won't my new Craftsman garage door opener power on?	Why isn't my garage door opener button working on new installation?
4	How do I replace a broken bathtub drain?	How do I replace a drain stack?
4	What are the pros and cons of using a nanny-cam?	What are the pros and cons of LED lighting for home use?
4	What kind of socket is this?	What type of snake is this?
4	Is it legal for a US citizen to travel to Cuba?	How long does it take for a US citizen to get a visa to travel to Israel?
4	Is it safe to travel to Turkey at this time (August 2013)?	Is it unsafe to travel to Greece at this time?
4	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a transit visa going through the US?
4	Can I claim child care expenses as a deduction on my federal return in Quebec?	Can you claim child care expenses on your tax return in the UK?
4	How do you remove paint from hair?	How do I remove multiple layers of paint from wooden entrance ledge?
4	How to clean up spilled paint on carpet?	How can I clean powder of dry paint on carpet?
4	What is the significance of the scene with the cop near the end of The Artist?	What is the significance of the appearance of the wolf?
4	What is the safest way to travel from Tehran to North-Pakistan?	What is the cheapest way to get from Eindhoven to Amsterdam?
4	Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland?	Do I need a transit visa through Italy from Romania to Algeria?
4	How do I prepare this porous interior wall for paint?	How do I prepare an interior cement floor for painting?
4	How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task?	How to motivate students to complete work that I cannot frequently check?
4	What's the best way to seal around this faucet?	What's the best way to keep my garage from freezing?
4	Is there a keyed switch that can be used to power off a subpanel?	Is there a remote switch I can use to replace a switch located in a wall being removed?
4	How can I reinforce a wall mounted ikea shelf?	How can I build a wall mounted adjustable height desk?
4	How can I win my Supervisor's trust to do some big work?	How do I let my old manager know I don't want to return to his team?
4	What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each?	What are the types of blood pressure measuring devices available? What are their pros and cons?
4	Where the did the concept of "smear campaigns" originate?	Where and how did the concept of "incorporation" originate?
4	Must I enter Europe with Schengen visa from the country where I applied?	If I have Schengen visa, can I enter Schengen area from different country?
4	How can I install a new bathroom GFCI receptacle?	How can I connect additional wires to a receptacle?
4	How can I work out how valuable I am to my boss and company?	how do I tell my boss I'd like to work from home on a regular basis?
4	What is the origin of the black/devil riders?	What is the origin of Jataka tales?
4	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a visa to enter the US as a UK citizen in transit?
4	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a transit visa for a stop in London?
4	Why did Sherlock fake his death this way?	Why and how did sherlock fake his death?
4	Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?	What do I need to work and travel in the US for 10 months as a Dutch citizen?
4	How do I remove a panel from the ceiling of my side porch?	How do I remove the front panel of my refrigerator to replace the water line?
4	Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK?	Does the spouse of British national with UK permanent residence need a Schengen visa to travel to France?
4	How do I remove paint from a wood floor?	How do I remove the cover from my light fixture?
4	How does mobile home insurance work?	How does leverage work?
4	What are the properties I should look for in running shoes?	What should I look for in a running shoe?
4	What could be causing my toilet to back up?	What could be causing my bathroom drains to back up?
3	How long can fish be left out?	How long can olives be left out of the refrigerator?
3	Being a non-native English writer how can i improve my English Writing style?	How can I improve my writing fluency in English?
3	What is the cheapest and most direct route from the UK to Malawi?	What is the cheapest way to send books from USA to France?
3	What is the best temperature to store honey at?	What is the best way to store ground coffee?
3	How do I remove paint from a wood floor?	How do I remove multiple layers of paint from wooden entrance ledge?
3	How can I replace the roller mechanism on this door?	How do I replace the front door on a stucco house?
3	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a Turkey transit visa for a layover?
3	What kind of socket is this?	What Kind of Pan is This?
3	How do you keep up with a toddler?	How do you ween a toddler off of breastfeeding?
3	What is the relation between the words "Cossack" and "Kazakh"?	What is the difference between "anaphora" and "deixis"?
3	How to apply for a Schengen visa?	How should I apply for a Schengen visa from the UK?
0	What is the cheapest way to go from Poland to Lyon (France)?	What is the cheapest way to go from Lyon (France) to Milan (Italy)?
0	How can I remove grout and mortar from a drain?	How can I move a drain line?
0	What is the difference between mono and stereo?	What is the difference between chicken cubes and ground chicken?
0	How do I remove paint from a wood floor?	How do I remove a stubborn element from a water heater?
0	What more can I do to improve my credit score?	How can I check my credit score?
0	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a transit visa through Zurich with a Canadian visa?
0	How do I prepare this porous interior wall for paint?	How do I prepare a hole for concrete?
0	How can I get my dog to take liquid vitamins from a dropper?	How can I get my dog get used to a new small environment?
0	What is the difference between an amp and a head?	What is the difference between a mode and a scale?
0	How can I get my colleagues to stop interrupting me?	How can I get my toddler to drink more water?
0	Do Bangladeshi citizens need transit visa in Malaysia?	Do I need a transit visa in Paris and Panama?
0	Can anyone tell me what this is?	Can anyone tell me what kind of squash this is?
0	How can I install a new bathroom GFCI receptacle?	How do I replace a GFCI receptacle in my bathroom?
0	What is the term for the "amuse-bouche" at the end of the meal?	What is the proper term for the "year 0"?
0	What is the best way to apply Shellac-based primer?	What is the best way to clean a grater?
2	How do I teach my toddler to chew his food?	How do I teach my child to express his frustration?
2	What are the pros and cons of buying a house using an FHA loan?	What are the pros and cons of LED lighting for home use?
2	When not to reply to a recruiter as it would be clear that it is a waste of time?	Is it normal to be so frustrated in one month of work and is that a sign to quit?
2	Is it safe to leave butter at room temperature?	Is it safe to leave cooked poultry at room temperature overnight?
2	How to get a child to stop pretending to choke on foods he doesn't want to eat?	How can I get my dog to eat vitamins when she doesn't want to?
2	What does the term "Out of the Furnace" refer to?	What does "years of professional experience" entail or refer to?
2	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a visa to Transit US?
2	Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland?	Do I need a transit visa through London from India to Toronto?
2	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a transit visa for Germany on the way to Canada?
2	How should I install a thermostat for a baseboard heater?	Where should I install a wall heater?
2	What's the best way to run a wire from inside my garage to the outside?	What's the best way to attach a hook to the back of my metal gutters?
2	How can I remove a really stuck screw?	How can I remove a lockset latch assembly that's stuck latched?
2	What are properties of good whole bean coffee?	What variety of coffee berries are good for jam?
2	How can I share my research ideas for others to develop, in exchange for authorship?	How can I develop my ideas?
2	What should I look for in strawberries at the market?	What should I look for in electronic measurement of body composition?
2	What are the most effective cat exercises?	What is the most effective plan to get abs?
2	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need to get a visa for Turkey?
2	What to do with a cold corner?	What to do with a new mathematics conjecture?
2	How do I keep my dog's water clean?	How do I do my daughter's hair?
2	What does it mean by a "research university"?	What does it mean to "boost your metabolism"?
2	What's the best way to store asparagus?	What's the best way to store rice long-term?
2	How do I make soft chapattis?	How to make chapattis round and of same thickness?
2	How should you respond to your teacher who cannot help you with a recommendation?	How should you deal with a teacher who is difficult to understand?
1	Can I apply for a post-doc in theoretical physics without publications?	Can I apply for a post-doc in global studies in North America?
1	What is the best way to repair a cracked bathtub?	What is the best way to fix a crack in an acrylic bathtub?
1	Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?	Do I need a transit visa in Zurich on the way to India?
1	Do I need to file income taxes for my business if it made no money?	Do I need to keep paper records for my business?
1	How can I make a chocolate syrup that can be frozen?	How can I make a sugar free strawberry syrup?
1	How do I make soft chapattis?	How do I make mayonnaise split?
1	How did Bellator survive?	How did Lori survive?
1	How can I replace a ceiling fan light pull chain?	How can I replace a ceiling fan with a regular light fixture?
2	Layover at Narita for 3 hours. Do i need a transit visa?	Do I need Transit Visa to visit London for 4-5 hours during layover?
2	How much should I reveal about my book idea to a publishing house representative?	How do I present a product idea to my boss?
2	Should I tell prospective employer that I got a raise at my current job?	Should I tell my employer if I'm job shopping?
2	How to deal with a bedwetting teenager?	How to deal with dreaded tasks?
2	What's the best way to run a wire from inside my garage to the outside?	What's the best way to keep my garage from freezing?
2	How can I connect additional wires to a receptacle?	How can I wire a receptacle to a switch?
2	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a transit visa for Denmark in addition to my single entry Schengen area visa?
2	How can I insulate the floor of a room above a porch?	How can I build a porch enclosure?
2	How do I repair water-damaged hardwood floors?	How do I repair spots of damaged hardwood floor finish?
2	What should I do with my credit card debt?	What should my credit limit be?
0	Is it legal for a US citizen to travel to Cuba?	Is it advisable for US citizen to attempt a visit to Cuba w/o going through an agency?
0	Is it safe to wire a plug-in sconce directly to the junction box?	Is it okay to not connect the grounding wire to a ceiling box?
0	How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task?	How can I explain to potential employers that I am unable to provide a relieving letter?
0	Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands?	Do I need a transit visa for a layover in Turkey?
0	What's the best way to store asparagus?	What's the best way to keep my garage from freezing?
0	Can I say "No" politely for a task I'm not interested in doing?	How do I say "I need company stock, or I'm getting a new job"?
0	What is the difference between a filler word and a discourse marker?	What is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb?
2	Where should I travel to see this building?	Where do I have to travel to to see this house?
2	How do I repair my porcelain floor?	How do I repair a flaking finish on my wood windows?
2	How to respond to a low salary offer?	How to respond to an unofficial PhD offer?
2	How do I adjust for a door jamb that's thicker than the wall?	How do I fix a door that's sticking closed?
2	What could be causing my toilet to back up?	What could be causing my water heater inlet pipe to corrode?
2	What is the difference between an amp and a head?	What is the difference between a concentration and a track within the major?
2	What is the difference between a Rollover IRA and a Roth IRA?	What is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb?
2	British citizen, why does my South-African wife need a visa to visit me in the UK?	What visa do I need to visit my uncle in the UK?
2	How do I ask my boss to pay for an expense?	How do I ask my colleagues to pay up for lunch?
2	What kind of spider web is this - and how do I get rid of it?	what kind of faucet is this and how do I take off handle?
2	How can I practice Climbing without the actual wall and/or equipment?	How can I safely practice trad climbing?
2	What's the best way to run a wire from inside my garage to the outside?	What's the best/easiest way to install and wire a wall light?
1	What to look for when choosing a new bathtub?	What to look for when choosing a dutch oven?
1	What's the difference between a "false cognate" and a "false friend"?	What's the difference between "writer" and "screenwriter" professions?
1	What is the best way to remove pet odor from concrete?	What is the best way to remove dried egg from a house?
1	What should I look for in a new car (automobile)?	What should I look for in a ladder?
1	What is the difference between an amp and a head?	What is the difference between a nation and a state?
1	What is this stucco-like finish called?	What's this rhythm called?
1	Why is my two way dimmer switch not working?	Why isn't my 3-way dimmer setup working?
1	How long does it take to get into London from Southend airport?	How long does it take from Heathrow Airport to King's Cross Station, London?
1	How do I reduce the lemon acidity in apple soup?	How do I reduce the acidity of homemade honey lemon juice?
1	How can you make gelatin at home?	How can i do pull ups at home?
1	How are Vanguard directors chosen?	How are trustees chosen?
1	What can I realistically do to raise my credit score?	What more can I do to improve my credit score?
1	How should I ground a GFCI to a metal box?	How should I connect a grounding wire from a device to this box?
1	Can I enter a different schengen country before I enter the country of my student residence permit?	If I have Schengen visa, can I enter Schengen area from different country?
1	How can I repair my two sloping concrete slabs?	How can I repair my floors' finish?
3	How do I convert a ceiling fan with 2 separate wall switches to a separate fan & light switch?	How do I wire a new ceiling light with power to the ceiling and 3-way switches?
3	How to apply for a Schengen visa?	How to apply for a Schengen business visa instead of a work visa?
3	Can I continue to travel within the US on an expired visa?	Can I travel to the UK if my Schengen visa expired?
3	What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast?	What is the difference between an amp and a head?
3	Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands?	Do I need a transit visa for London, UK?
3	How can I remove a really stuck screw?	How should I remove a leech?
3	Why is my furnace blowing hot air outside through a PVC pipe?	Why is my furnace blowing hot air outside?
1	As Philippine do I need a transit visa on a cruise through Schengen countries and the UK and Ireland?	Do I need both a UK visa and a Schengen visa?
1	How can I work out how valuable I am to my boss and company?	How do I tell my boss I am moving to a different organization?
1	Do we NEED to help a baby learn how to self-sooth? And how long can it take?	Can children learn up to 4 different languages? And how to do it?
1	Why does the shower get cold when I flush, and how can I prevent it?	Why and when does a skin form on heated milk and how can I prevent it?
1	What can I do to make my writing fit the 1950s?	What sites can I use to crowdsource my writing project?
1	How can I repair the carpet around a new shower?	How can I repair a leaking shower?
1	How long should it take to read a paper?	How Long Can It Take For a Check I Write to Clear on My Account?
1	What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast?	What is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb?
1	How much vertical distance is it possible to make in a day?	It is Possible To Be A Long Distance Runner and have a Six Pack? How?
1	Layover at Narita for 3 hours. Do i need a transit visa?	Do I need a transit visa for waiting 23 hours in Dubai airport?
1	What is the relation between the words "Cossack" and "Kazakh"?	What is the difference between "State" and "Sovereign" in The Social Contract?
1	What is the difference between an amp and a head?	What is the difference between a power slide and a hockey stop?
1	What should I look for in a jump rope?	What should I look for in a crib?
1	Can anyone tell me what this is?	Can anyone tell me what movie this is from?
1	How do I avoid paying higher taxes on freelance work in the UK?	How do I avoid paying income taxes on the sale of my business abroad?
1	Where can I find a good vocabulary list?	Where can I find a good online thesaurus?
4	When to apply for a new credit card?	What to look for when choosing a new bathtub?
4	How can I work out how valuable I am to my boss and company?	How can I make sure I'll get credit for my work when working with unwanted and untrusted collaborator?
4	How can I locate and repair a leak?	How can I repair a chewed-through power cable?
4	Why is my dryer taking longer to dry clothes?	Why does it take my dryer 3 hours to dry a load of clothes?
2	How does mobile home insurance work?	How does bank deposit insurance work in Singapore?
2	should I continue with this research?	Should I publish this?
2	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast?
2	How can I repair peeling finish on a faucet handle?	How can I repair my floors' finish?
2	Why isn't my mini fridge getting cold?	Why isn't my mini fridge staying cold?
2	Is it possible for a foreigner to drive through (mainland) China in a foreign-registered car?	Is it possible for a U.S. citizen to rent a car in Brazil?
2	What could cause my ceiling fan light to go off after 2 seconds of being on?	What could cause my light and TV to turn off, then back on?
2	How can I connect additional wires to a receptacle?	Can I connect two load lines to a GFCI receptacle?
2	How can I get rid of fleas?	How can I get rid of mosquitoes?
2	How do I stop my dog from jumping on me?	How do I stop my dog from barking when I bring him outside?
0	What is this vocal technique called?	What is this stucco-like finish called?
1	How can I improve my piano sight reading?	How can I improve my auto insurance score?
1	How long can you keep chocolate in the freezer?	How long can I keep eggs in the refrigerator?
1	How can I remove paint from a wood deck so I can stain it?	How can I remove a coffee stain from carpet?
1	What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each?	What are the pros and cons of different types of windows?
1	How can I repair my floors' finish?	How can I repair a leaking shower?
4	What is the significance of the cat?	What is the significance of the appearance of the wolf?
4	What is the difference between balls in Test and ODI Cricket?	What is the difference between writing in the first and the third person?
4	Should I put my résumé on LinkedIn when applying for a PhD?	What should I know when applying for my first job?
4	How long should it take to read a paper?	How much time does it take to write a professional book?
4	How should I store beansprouts?	How should I translate this?
4	What's the most effective studying method?	What is the most effective exterior insecticide?
4	What are some good strength exercises for marathon runners?	What are some good strength training routines for runners?
0	What does casual mean in this context?	What does this tablature notation mean?
0	what is the difference between Erebor and Moria?	What is the difference between chicken cubes and ground chicken?
0	What language to use in Georgia (the country)? Is English widely spoken?	What accent (for the English language) is most widely and easily understood?
0	What should I look for in a jump rope?	What qualities should I look for in a good walking pole?
0	Do I have to spend money with my credit card to increase my credit score?	Can I increase my credit limit by transferring money to my Credit Card account?
0	How to get rid of oversleeping?	How to get rid of cockroaches?
0	How can I connect additional wires to a receptacle?	Can I replace this receptacle that has four wires connected to it?
0	What kind of socket is this?	What kind of bug is this?
1	What is the best way to apply Shellac-based primer?	What is the best way to toast pecans?
1	How should I control my voice while rapping?	How should I control my garage heater?
1	What is the best way to toast pecans?	What is the best way to clean a grater?
1	How to get my cat to stop being annoying at night?	How can I get my dog to stop being so sensitive to noise?
1	Is there any difference between an article and a paper?	What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast?
1	What are the most effective cat exercises?	What is the most effective exterior insecticide?
1	Why does turning on one light turn off a different light?	Why does turning my kitchen light off turn on my outside light?
1	Why did my brown beef stock end up yellow?	Why did I end up with mushy corned beef?
1	What exactly is a CV?	What is a life CV ?
1	In the Avengers movie, why did they close the portal?	In the Avengers movie, why did the Chitauri troops die almost instantly when the portal closed?
1	How do I secure an old aluminum/glass sliding door?	How do I measure a standard sliding glass door?
0	I added insulation to my attic rafters, but should I have left room for airflow?	Should I agree to have more insulation added to my attic?
0	How to teach a toddler how to treat a book?	How to teach a dog how to bark?
0	What is the best way to toast pecans?	What is the best way to start learning a new course?
1	How can I stop this Shower faucet leak?	How do I remove this shower fixture?
0	How do I know if my cat has worms?	How do I discourage my cat from biting?
0	What is the best way to store fresh berries?	What is the best way to clean a grater?
0	How can I tell the difference between a rabbit and a cat?	How can I tell the difference between play and aggression at the dog park?
0	Is there any difference between an article and a paper?	Is there a difference between green and spring onions?
0	How can I control a bath fan with two lights through a single wire?	How do I wire two lights with a switch?
0	How common were horses at the beginning of the 20th century?	How common was smoking in first half of the 20th century?
0	As Philippine do I need a transit visa on a cruise through Schengen countries and the UK and Ireland?	Do I need a visa to enter the US as a UK citizen in transit?
0	How do I clean a very dirty refrigerator?	How do I clean a pasta maker?
0	What instrument is this?	What is this guitar?
0	How do I repair water-damaged hardwood floors?	How do I repair terrazzo floors?
0	What do I do if a professor at a foreign university doesn't respond to my emails?	What do I do if a university does not inform me of my masters application status?
0	What is the difference between an amp and a head?	What is the difference between splicing and superimposition?
0	Should I look for a new job?	How should I deal with bullying while looking for a new job?
0	What is the actual difference between Graduate and Undergraduate texts?	What is the difference between portamento and glissando?
2	How much does a tailpiece affect the overall sound quality of an electric guitar?	How does the type of wood used to make an acoustic guitar affect its sound?
2	Is it safe to eat sprouted onions?	Is it safe to eat potatoes that have sprouted?
2	I want to record but am nervous about it, why, how to get ready?	How to get across on LinkedIn that I absolutely enjoy, and am committed to, my company?
2	Should I tell prospective employer that I got a raise at my current job?	How do I bring up that I got a better job offer to my new current employer?
3	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a transit visa in Milan?
3	How can I get my dog to slow down when eating?	How can I train my dog to stop eating everything?
3	What are the differences between hot and cold roof systems?	What are the major differences between yams and sweet potatoes?
3	What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each?	What are the different ways to hold drumsticks and what are the pros and cons of each?
3	What is the best way to remove pet odor from concrete?	What is the best way to store energy?
3	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	what is the difference between Erebor and Moria?
3	What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each?	What are the pros and cons of LED lighting for home use?
3	Is it possible to use one thesis for two degrees?	Is it possible to freeze wine for future use?
3	Do I need to update my resume when not looking for a job?	When secretly looking for a new job, how not to accidentally apply to my own company?
3	What are the chances of getting into a PhD program in math after other pursuits in life?	What are the benefits of getting a PhD in statistics?
3	Should I look for a new job?	What should I look for in a running shoe?
3	How do I remove paint from a wood floor?	How can I remove paint from a wood deck so I can stain it?
3	How do I prevent water from streaming into my driveway?	How do I prevent water from leaking down my chimney?
3	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a visa to transit through Germany?
3	How should you respond to your teacher who cannot help you with a recommendation?	How do you deal with someone who makes you not want to talk to them?
3	What happened at the end of Rocky?	OK so what the hell happened at the end of Birdman?
3	Is "Why We Get Fat: And What to Do About It" thesis correct?	What is an "Approval Letter", and how do I get one?
3	What's the difference between a "false cognate" and a "false friend"?	What is the difference between a "riff" and a "melody"?
3	Do I need to replace my hot water tank's pressure release valve?	Do I need to replace this water pressure valve?
2	What is the best way to remove pet odor from concrete?	What is the safest way to remove tinsel/ribbon from a cat?
2	How do I get a recruiter to stop bothering me?	How do I get a coworker to stop chit chatting?
2	What are some good strength exercises for marathon runners?	What are some stretching exercises for golf?
2	How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain?	How can I troubleshoot a ceiling fan light kit Issue?
2	How to judge the quality of my own paper?	How can I assess the quality of a paper outside my field?
4	What does this tablature notation mean?	What is this Chord Notation?
4	What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast?	What is the difference between a mode and a scale?
4	Layover at Narita for 3 hours. Do i need a transit visa?	Do Indian citizens need a transit visa for a 3 hour layover at Tokyo, Japan?
4	Do I need a teacher to learn violin?	What can I do to learn violin before going to a teacher?
4	How should I make a budget?	How should I remove a leech?
4	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a Direct Air Transit Visa or Visitor in Transit Visa for the UK?
4	How do I prepare my home for a power outage?	How do I prepare my home for the arrival of my premature baby?
4	How can I remove paint from a wood deck so I can stain it?	How can I remove paint from slotted screw heads?
4	How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task?	How can I politely tell a professor that I'm too busy to do research with him this term?
4	How do I level a small yard?	How do I reference a constitution?
4	After a job interview, is it inappropriate if I want to talk to an employee in private?	Is it risky to invite a senior member of the company to coffee, if I'm an intern?
4	Which way does the air flow through my furnace?	Which way does air flow into a furnace?
0	What is the difference between EFTA and the EU?	what is the difference between Erebor and Moria?
4	How do I get play-doh out of the carpet?	How can I get the most out of my practice time?
4	What is the proper way to install a exterior door in brick/drywall wall?	What's the best way to install a pet door in an exterior wall?
4	Do I need to file income taxes for my business if it made no money?	do i have to file taxes in Canada if no income?
4	How to tell when a muzzleloader nipple needs to be replaced?	How to know when a fixture needs to be re-caulked?
4	What does it mean to write a song in a certain key?	Does it really make difference to play a song in a different key?
4	What is causing my butter toffee to separate?	What is causing my sauerkraut to smell sweet?
4	Is it legal for a US citizen to travel to Cuba?	Is it difficult for an Iranian citizen to get a visa to travel to Morocco as a tourist?
4	What is the difference between an amp and a head?	What is the difference between a perpetuity and an annuity?
4	How do I adjust for a door jamb that's thicker than the wall?	How do I install a vanity that's higher than the mirror?
4	Is it a good idea to link your LinkedIn profile in the CV section of your dissertation?	Is it a good idea to put Summary in place of Objective in your resume?
4	Layover at Narita for 3 hours. Do i need a transit visa?	Do I need a transit visa at Heathrow?
4	Why is my washing machine making this sound?	What is this sound from my washing machine?
3	Why doesn't my cat lick me?	Why does my cat eat dog food?
3	How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task?	I am able to self-fund a PhD, how can I use this when applying?
3	How can I make the best use of chocolate peppers?	How can I make the best use of prime beef?
3	OK we're all nerds here, so really, how on earth should I use a Japanese toilet?	OK we're all adults here, so really, how on earth should I use a squat toilet?
3	How can you tell if someone is dehydrated?	How can I tell if my cat is pregnant?
3	How do I prevent water from streaming into my driveway?	How do I prevent water from leaking into my basement?
3	What does "do." mean in old recipes?	What does "OFF" mean in a script?
3	What defines a unique writing style?	What defines a language?
3	What's the best way to store asparagus?	What's the best way to present regression results in a conference?
3	How do I replace a broken halogen bulb in the recessed light in my bathroom?	How do I replace a bulb in this bathroom light/fan?
3	What are the pros and cons of using a nanny-cam?	What are the pros and cons of eating 1-3 grapefruits every day?
3	What is the origin of cheese dip?	What is the origin of Indian weekday names?
3	How can I say "Facebook will not get you anywhere"?	How do you say "not now"?
3	What could be wrong with my A/C unit?	What is wrong with my gas furnace?
3	How to strengthen my wrists?	How to strengthen my forearms?
3	How can I stop my cat's playful yet aggressive behavior?	Is my cat's aggressive behavior playful or mean, and how do I stop it?
4	Why didn't my pan-fried potato wedges turn out crispy?	How can I make my homemade potato wedges crispy?
4	How do I convert a ceiling fan with 2 separate wall switches to a separate fan & light switch?	How can I add a new light fixture off of a ceiling fan wired to two switches?
0	How to get rid of oversleeping?	How can I get rid of springtails?
0	Is it possible to get a Schengen visa for future date?	Is it possible to get a tentative flight itinerary to apply for Taiwan visa without paying?
0	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need UK transit visa?
0	Would a Colombian citizen with Canadian residency need a transit visa for the UK?	Does a Nicaraguan citizen need a visa for the UK?
0	How do I install switches in this box?	How do I install a "Lite in the Box" (brand) faucet?
0	How do you remove mold from a tent?	How do you remove paint from hair?
0	How to remove construction adhesive from concrete?	How to remove floor adhesive from concrete?
0	Would a Colombian citizen with Canadian residency need a transit visa for the UK?	Do I need a visa to enter the US as a UK citizen in transit?
0	What is the difference between an amp and a head?	What is the difference between a check and a paycheck?
0	What is the best way to repair a cracked bathtub?	What is the best way to treat a jammed finger?
0	What is the best way to apply Shellac-based primer?	What is the best way to start learning a new course?
0	Can I use a nickname for work?	What can I use for a very small access panel?
0	What is the best way to store fresh berries?	What is the best way to fix this garage floor?
1	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do i need a Schengen transit Visa?
1	Can I ask a company what I should wear to an interview?	How should I phrase an email and/or conversation that I need to back out of an interview?
1	What can I do to stop my fiberglass bathtub from squeaking?	What can I do to stop my child from being over-sensitive?
1	Can I ask a company what I should wear to an interview?	What should I wear to a Systems Analyst Interview?
1	How do I remove paint from a wood floor?	How do I remove paint from a porous table top?
4	What should I do with my credit card debt?	What more can I do to improve my credit score?
4	what are the pros and cons of structured deposits?	What are the pros and cons of LED lighting for home use?
4	What is the best position to keep monitor?	What is the best way to store oars?
4	Is there a list of online public transportation planners?	Is there a public list of negation and affirmation cues?
4	How can I repair a towel bar with one end ripped out of the wall?	How can I repair a towel rack that was ripped out of the wall?
0	What is the difference between an amp and a head?	What is the difference between chicken cubes and ground chicken?
0	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	What is the difference between chicken cubes and ground chicken?
5	How to remove a ticks on my dog?	How to remove a tick on a dog?
4	My colleagues earn twice more than I do. How can I approach my employer for a fair salary?	How do I approach my employer to apply for a patent for my algorithm?
4	How can I remove a really stuck screw?	How can I remove a stuck screw that will still turn?
3	Which reward / benefits credit card is the best value for the money in Canada?	Which reward/benefits card is the best value for money in Australia?
2	I am a 2nd year undergraduate student. What should I do now to prepare for my PhD?	How do I plan for my PhD now that I have graduated with a Masters degree without thesis?
2	How to deal with company that doesn't set expectations or tasks for me?	How to Deal With Unreasonable Expectations?
2	Is it a bad writing practice to start sentences with a verb?	Paper Title, Is it better to start with a verb?
3	What is this vocal technique called?	What is this technique called?
4	How can I work out how valuable I am to my boss and company?	How do explain to my boss that I need time off for interviews, and why I am leaving?
4	How to deal with a child in an "I can't" phase?	How to deal with "unresponsive" colleagues?
4	What is the best way to store fresh berries?	What is the best way to treat a jammed finger?
4	Is it a bad writing practice to start sentences with a verb?	Is it a bad writing practice to end a paragraph with question?
4	What is the origin of Dragons?	What is the origin of Indian weekday names?
4	What is the best way to travel around Israel and Palestine?	What is the best way to clean a grater?
4	How should I groom my dog?	How often should I wax my bass?
4	What are refereed and non-refereed journals?	What are the differences between Peer Reviewed Journals and Refereed Journals?
5	What are the advantages and disadvantages of using a thinner yoga mat?	What are the advantages and disadvantages of having multiple advisers?
5	How does muscle confusion work?	How does velveting work?
5	How do you remove mold from a tent?	How do you remove the pit from a mango?
5	How do I pump up water pressure in my shower?	How can I improve the water pressure in my shower?
2	How long should it take to read a paper?	How long should it take to write 100k words?
2	what are the pros and cons of structured deposits?	What are the pros and cons of vinyl gutters?
2	What is the significance of the scene with the cop near the end of The Artist?	What is the significance of the cat?
2	Schengen visa for UK citizen?	How to apply for a Schengen visa?
0	How did the Vulgar Latin 'parabola' evolve to mean 'word'?	How did the Greek 'tropos' evolve into the Latin 'tropus'?
0	How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain?	How can I replace a ceiling fan light pull chain?
0	What kind of socket is this?	What kind of steak is this?
0	How long will a whole turkey keep in a refrigerator?	How long will cold brew keep?
0	What does the term "Out of the Furnace" refer to?	What does the term "Boardroom poker" mean?
0	Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands?	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?
0	Why did my Tiramisu Cake become dry?	Why didn't my beer cake cook properly?
0	What's the process to get an Indonesian tourist visa for a US citizen?	What kinds of documentation does a US citizen need to enter the UK on a tourist visa?
0	What can I replace Microsoft Money with, now that MS has abandoned it?	Now that Microsoft Money is gone, what can I do?
0	What is the best way to toast pecans?	What's the best way to store asparagus?
2	How should I ground a GFCI to a metal box?	How do I attach a receptacle box to brick instead of a stud?
2	Why did the overseer leave Solomon to hang?	Why did Solomon's soul belong to the Devil?
2	What can I do to bond with my premature baby?	What more can I do to improve my credit score?
2	Where does the concept of traffic keeping to the "right" side of the street originate?	Where the did the concept of "smear campaigns" originate?
2	What is the difference between an amp and a head?	Is there a difference between a manual and an automatic grinder?
2	What is the meaning of "playing off the beat" and "playing on the beat"?	Meaning of the phrase: To drive the ball "on the up"?
2	What is the best temperature to store honey at?	What is the best way to store energy?
2	What is the difference between an amp and a head?	What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast?
2	Is there a difference between a manual and an automatic grinder?	Is there a difference between seasoning and flavouring?
2	How do I make my cheese "crackers" less greasy?	I want to make my own cheese. How do I get started?
2	What can I eat the night before to help me get up in the morning?	What foods can I eat to keep my energy up in an office job in the afternoon?
2	I have a Schengen visa but my UAE Residence visa cancelled. Can I still travel then?	Can I travel to UK as tourist even my UAE residence visa was cancelled?
2	What should I do if a check gets lost in the mail?	If lost in the wilderness, what is the first thing I should do?
2	How do I replace a broken bathtub drain?	How do I fix a broken tile?
2	How do I remove floorboard nails from joists?	How do I remove paint from a wood floor?
2	Do I even need credit cards?	Do I need a business credit card?
2	What could be wrong with my furnace?	What could be wrong with my air conditioner?
0	What is the best way to remove pet odor from concrete?	What is the best way to remove hair from carpets?
0	How do I stop my dog from jumping on me?	How do I stop my dog from pulling while on leash?
0	What kind of socket is this?	What type of asbestos is this?
0	How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain?	How do I balance a ceiling fan?
0	What are the pros and cons of feeding on demand?	What are the pros and cons of doubling on two brass instruments?
0	What is the best way to travel around Israel and Palestine?	What is the best way to toast pecans?
0	What could be causing my toilet to back up?	What could be causing my baseboard heater to not heat up?
0	How do I help a child who is afraid of the dark?	How can I help a cat who seems afraid of his harness?
0	How can I extend my Schengen seafarer's visa?	How can I extend my Business Schengen visa?
0	How do I make my own chocolate chips?	Can I make my own malt?
0	How to deal with company that doesn't set expectations or tasks for me?	How to deal with vague tasks?
0	What does the term "Out of the Furnace" refer to?	What does the "to" mean in the General Welfare Clause?
4	How to learn to play guitar with a slide ?	How many keys are enough to learn to play piano?
4	Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland?	Do I need UK transit visa to going to Ireland?
4	How can I prepare this old exterior wall for painting?	How do I prepare this exterior concrete wall for paint?
1	Why does my dog ignore the treats I try to give him when playing?	Why is my cat growling/hissing at me when I try to play with him or take his toy?
1	Must I enter Europe with Schengen visa from the country where I applied?	Must I specify where I will enter the Schengen area on the visa application?
1	What kind of socket is this?	What kind of wordplay is this?
1	What to do with a cold corner?	What to do with leaky sink?
1	What should I look for in a jump rope?	What should I look for in a ladder?
1	With FlightHub, How many days in advance should I book a ticket?	How do I find out how long a UK train should be, in advance online?
1	At which temperature and how long should I cook tilapia on the grill?	How long should I cook apples in the oven?
1	Which part of the GRE is more important to admissions committees?	Why do admissions committees consider the Statement of Purpose to be important?
2	How can I repair my relationship with my manager?	How can I repair my floors' finish?
2	How do I level a pipe with the ground?	How do I deal with a joist in the way of where I need to run a pipe?
2	How can I determine what size main water meter is required?	How can I determine what is in my water?
2	What was the significance of fort Wilderness in the Patriot?	What is the significance of the cat?
2	In a dialogue, how do you write that a character says a letter?	How do you write a character's internal monologue?
2	How can I prevent my ferrets from smelling bad?	How do I make my room stop smelling so bad?
2	What can I do to make my writing fit the 1950s?	What can I do to stay fit in the car?
2	How can I help my dog adjust to a move?	How can I get my dog to slow down when eating?
2	Should I negotiate if I'm offered more than what I initially asked for?	Can I ask for a higher salary if I've already said how much I want?
2	Should a phd student try present a review paper in a conference?	How to present a review paper at a conference?
2	How can I deal with an employee that always arrives late?	How can author deal with late reviews?
2	What is the difference between case marking particles and adpositions?	What is the difference between portamento and glissando?
2	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a transit visa for London, UK?
2	How do I make my own chocolate chips?	How do I make my dog forget a command?
2	What are the pros and cons of setting up a 529 plan for myself?	what are the pros and cons of structured deposits?
2	Can you book hotels on a prepaid credit card worldwide?	How can I find the cheapest prepaid credit card?
2	Can I use brown sugar instead of white sugar in making fruitcake?	Can I use brown sugar in No Bake Cookies instead of Granulated Sugar?
2	What can I do to bond with my premature baby?	How do I prepare my home for the arrival of my premature baby?
2	How to show skills through Evidence?	How to increase conversational skills?
2	Why won't my new Craftsman garage door opener power on?	Why doesn't my Touch N Go garage door opener lift the door?
2	Is it better to take protein supplements before or after a workout?	Is it better to stain before or after assembly?
2	What can I eat the night before to help me get up in the morning?	What can I do to make driving in the rain at night easier?
2	Schengen visa for UK citizen?	Transit Visa in the UK?
2	How can I keep my dog from chewing on and destroying things?	How can I keep my cat from climbing on my desk?
2	How should I finish around this hole in my slab?	Should I patch this hole in my slab?
2	How can I get rid of fleas?	How can I get the most out of my practice time?
2	Is it possible to get into a good masters program in computer science with a 3-3.5 GPA?	Is it possible to switch to a better university for PhD after completing a Masters in computer science?
2	What is the best way to remove pet odor from concrete?	What is the best way to remove popcorn from the ceiling?
2	How do you teach a toddler not to share?	How do you teach a child religious views?
0	What are the pros and cons of setting up a 529 plan for myself?	What are the pros and cons of feeding on demand?
0	What are the pros and cons of eating 1-3 grapefruits every day?	What are the pros and cons of LED lighting for home use?
0	How do you teach a toddler not to share?	How do you ween a toddler off of breastfeeding?
0	Is it possible to get a Schengen visa for future date?	Is is possible to travel when applying for a new visa?
0	What was the meaning of "21 grams"?	What is the meaning of "$N industry"?
0	Do I even need credit cards?	Do I need transit visa?
0	How do I determine what size Generator I need?	How do I know what size guitar strings I need?
0	How can I gain a lot of weight in one month?	How can I help my adult rabbit gain weight?
0	How to stop feeling bad when you are leaving a company you like for a new job?	How to motivate yourself when you are in a company of a negative person?
0	How do I level a pipe with the ground?	How do I level a small yard?
0	What does "the anointed of the Lord" mean?	What does the ending of the movie "Coherence" mean?
0	How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task?	How can I explain to my child that I'm not superman?
0	Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?
0	How do I know if my cat has worms?	How can I tell if my cat is pregnant?
0	What is the difference between shawarma and gyros?	What is the difference between portamento and glissando?
3	How can I stop my boiler from making all this noise?	How can I stop my pie from burning?
3	How can I get my dog to slow down when eating?	How can I get my cat to clean himself?
3	How can I remove grout and mortar from a drain?	How can I fix a very slow drain?
3	What does the term "Boardroom poker" mean?	What does "the anointed of the Lord" mean?
3	What does the circle around a note mean in a guitar chord diagram?	What does a duplicated note in a chord mean?
3	Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland?	Do I need a visa to enter the US as a UK citizen in transit?
3	What does it mean by a "research university"?	What does the notation "2/3BII" mean?
3	Should I use IRA money to pay down my student loans?	Should I pay off my student loan before putting money into Roth IRA?
3	What is the significance of the cat?	What is the significance of the missing elevator car?
3	How long is the life of a shot of espresso?	What is the optimal length of time for pulling a shot of espresso?
2	How should I wake up my 4 year old?	How do I explain good sportsmanship to a 4 year old?
2	What are the pros and cons of feeding on demand?	What are the pros and cons of being co-supervised?
2	Do I need to hang a bear cache?	Do I need to write a bibliography?
2	How do I remove paint from a wood floor?	How do I properly paint a wood floor made of plywood?
2	Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?	Do I need a transit visa for layover in Luanda?
2	How to prepare gnocchi dough for mixed ingredients?	How to prepare for a race?
2	What is the best way to store fresh berries?	What is the best temperature to store honey at?
2	what are the pros and cons of structured deposits?	What are the pros and cons of eating 1-3 grapefruits every day?
2	What is the best way to apply Shellac-based primer?	What is the best way to store fresh berries?
2	How to deal with a bedwetting teenager?	How to deal with meddling coworkers?
2	what is the difference between Erebor and Moria?	What is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb?
2	How much more does a recommendation letter from alumni help in PhD admissions?	How much do letters of recommendation help in a statistics PhD program application?
2	What is the best way to learn finger-picking on an acoustic guitar?	What is the best way to learn to play a piece on the guitar?
3	Do we NEED to help a baby learn how to self-sooth? And how long can it take?	How do you get a child to eat?
3	Is it possible to get a Schengen visa for future date?	Is it possible to freeze wine for future use?
3	What's the difference between "Wood Filler" and "Floor patch & Smoothing Compound"?	What's the difference between "writer" and "screenwriter" professions?
3	How do I make my own chocolate chips?	How do I duplicate these chips?
3	My cat is gaining too much weight, how often should I be feeding her?	How much food should I be giving my dog to maintain his weight?
3	How can I improve hvac air flow to my attic?	How can I improve my vertical?
3	How should I store eggs in the refrigerator?	How long can I keep eggs in the refrigerator?
3	After a job interview, is it inappropriate if I want to talk to an employee in private?	Is it a good idea to follow up after an interview, and if so, how soon?
3	What kind of spider web is this - and how do I get rid of it?	What kind of lock is this, and how can I replace it?
3	What should I look for in a new car (automobile)?	What should I look for in a cookie jar?
3	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	What is the difference between a concentration and a track within the major?
3	What is a good substitute for ground veal?	What would be a good substitute for Rice Wine?
3	How do I determine what size Generator I need?	How do I select the right generator?
3	How do I prepare this porous interior wall for paint?	How can I prepare this old exterior wall for painting?
3	What could be causing my toilet to back up?	What could be causing my sink and dishwasher to back up?
3	How to get rid of oversleeping?	How to get rid of unwanted and annoying co-author?
3	How can I add a GFCI receptacle on a circuit with split receptacles?	How can I remotely monitor a GFCI receptacle?
3	I have a Schengen visa but my UAE Residence visa cancelled. Can I still travel then?	Can I still travel to Schengen countries if I have an expired residence permit?
3	Cheapest way to travel from Osaka Kansai airport to Kyoto and back?	How to travel from Lombok airport to Gili Trawangan in cheapest and fastest way?
3	Why would anyone buy a government bond?	How to buy a bond?
3	What can I do if I have a colleague who is picking on me?	What can I do if I am constantly invited as a reviewer, but don't have the time?
3	How can I keep my dog from barking when I don't know what he's barking at?	How do I stop my dog from barking when I bring him outside?
3	How to fix a leaking bath tub overflow drain?	How do I fix this leaking dishwasher drain pipe?
3	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a transit Visa when changing terminals in LHR(UK)?
3	What's the best way to reheat frozen boiled potatoes?	What's the best way to store asparagus?
3	How can I proof-read my own work more effectively?	How can I edit my own, very old work?
3	What's the best way to seal around this faucet?	What is the best way to fix this garage floor?
3	What is the longest six in cricket history?	What is the shortest six in cricket?
3	Where can I find an LED replacement for this CFL bulb?	How can I find replacement parts for an unknown faucet?
3	How can I stop my fireplace from disabling my thermostat?	How can I add tile to my fireplace?
3	What kind of socket is this?	What kind of floor is this?
3	What is the difference between portamento and glissando?	What is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb?
3	How can I get rid of fleas?	How can I get rid of fleas in my crawlspace forever?
5	What's the best way to store asparagus?	What is the best way to read a textbook?
5	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a Schengen visa if I have a UK tier 1 visa with Indian passport?
5	How can you tell if someone is dehydrated?	How can I tell if my microphone is broken?
5	How can I work out how valuable I am to my boss and company?	How can I communicate I am leaving a company to someone I hired who hasn't started?
5	How do I properly prepare a deck for repainting?	How to prepare for a race?
5	What should I look for in strawberries at the market?	What should I look for in a running shoe?
5	How to get from Rzeszów to Lviv?	How to get from Courmayeur to Milano?
5	What can I do to minimize my risk of being laid off?	What can I do to improve the chances of my being promoted?
5	How do I paint art onto a wall?	How do I cut down a bathroom wall drain?
5	After a job interview, is it inappropriate if I want to talk to an employee in private?	Is it a good idea to point to the person that referred you after you decline an offer?
5	What can I do to make driving in the rain at night easier?	What can I do to stay fit in the car?
5	How do I remove paint from a wood floor?	How do I clean dripped paint from a wood floor?
5	How can I remove paint from a wood deck so I can stain it?	How can I remove paint from a deck?
5	What's the difference between masa for tortillas and for tamales?	What's the difference between overtones and harmonics?
5	What are the pros and cons of eating 1-3 grapefruits every day?	What are the pros and cons of being co-supervised?
5	Schengen visa for UK citizen?	Where to take photo for Schengen Visa?
5	How do you reduce static in a coffee grinder?	How do you reduce a cream sauce?
5	Is it possible to do a Master's in Mathematics after a Bachelor's in Economics?	Can I get a Master's in Economics with a Bachelor's in Mathematics?
3	How do I wire a combo with two supplies?	How do I wire two lights with a switch?
3	How can a ventless (gas) fire box be put in a wall safely?	How to secure a wooden box (tunnel) in a wall?
3	How do I repair this broken pipe?	How do I repair crumbling wall plaster?
3	What skis should I buy?	What weight dumbbells should I buy?
3	Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland?	American citizen travelling to London from Ghana - do I need a UK visa?
3	How can I keep my dog from barking when I don't know what he's barking at?	What can I do when my dog loves going out at night?
3	What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each?	What are the pros and cons of these 3 types of dumbbells?
3	Should I tell prospective employer that I got a raise at my current job?	Should I tell my employer that I am running for a political office?
3	Must I enter Europe with Schengen visa from the country where I applied?	Do I need to enter US from the country where I got my visa?
3	What could be wrong with my air conditioner?	What is wrong with my gas furnace?
3	What is the best way to treat feline ringworm?	What is the best way to treat a jammed finger?
3	What does the term "Out of the Furnace" refer to?	What does "the anointed of the Lord" mean?
3	How to ask for an update on a potential opening?	How much of a raise to ask for?
3	Layover at Narita for 3 hours. Do i need a transit visa?	Do I need a transit visa?
3	How do I stop my dog from jumping on me?	How do I prevent my cat from getting on the table?
3	What's the best way to store asparagus?	What is the best way to store carrots?
3	How can I manage my Credit Card Debt in Australia?	How can I find the cheapest prepaid credit card?
3	Does grenadine need to be refrigerated?	Does a head of lettuce really need to be refrigerated?
3	What do I need to look for in a Y splitter for guitar?	Do I need to use a guitar capo for this song?
3	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	What is the difference between a nation and a state?
3	Should I switch to third person or continue in first person?	Should I write my biography in the first or third person?
2	What is the origin of cheese dip?	What is the origin of Jataka tales?
2	What should I do to promote my books?	What workout should I do if I want to prepare my condition?
2	What would be a good substitute for Rice Wine?	What's a good substitute for cilantro?
2	How to select a workout plan?	How to select a good GPS receiver?
2	What's the process to get an Indonesian tourist visa for a US citizen?	Does an Irish citizen need a visa for a week's tourist visit to America?
2	Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK?	Does a US Citizen need a visa to enter as a tourist to the UK for 6 months?
2	How should I install a digital timer?	How should I make a budget?
2	What is the difference between an amp and a head?	What is the difference between a riff and a lick?
2	Is it possible to do a Master's in Mathematics after a Bachelor's in Economics?	In what countries is it possible to enter a life science PhD program directly after a Bachelor's?
2	How to address a professor in letter?	How to address the person being recommended in a recommendation letter?
2	How can I test a rabbit's vision?	How can I learn to do Rabbit Showmanship?
2	What is the best way to toast pecans?	What is the best way to fix this garage floor?
2	What does it mean by a "research university"?	What does it mean by "Hitting the wall" in marathon run?
2	How can I remove 6-8 inches of concrete from a wooden floor?	How can I remove a portion of a hardwood floor board?
2	How do I repair my porcelain floor?	How do I repair spots of damaged hardwood floor finish?
2	What happened at the end of Rocky?	What happened at the end of Prometheus Movie?
2	What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast?	What is the difference between splicing and superimposition?
2	How can I finish the edge of a mirrored wall?	How can I finish a hole in the wall?
2	What is the origin of Dragons?	What is the origin of the black/devil riders?
2	How can you make gelatin at home?	How can I make yogurt at home?
2	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a transit visa despite having a Schengen visa?
2	KORG TRITON LE, can I make my own sounds?	Can I make my own malt?
2	How can I remove a key that has broken off in a lock?	How to open a beverage can that has a broken tab?
2	What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast?	What is the difference between a perpetuity and an annuity?
2	How can I stop this Shower faucet leak?	How can I stop this downspout leak?
2	Do I need to apply for ESTA?	Do I need to write a bibliography?
2	Is it ok to use "and/or" in my dissertation?	Is it OK to use "I guess" in fiction?
2	How can I avoid windswept muffins in a convection oven?	Can I roast nuts in a convection microwave oven?
2	How can I manage applying for 2 more jobs when I already have a part time job?	How can I get an idea of the work hours when applying for a job?
2	How do I troubleshoot my electric oven?	How do I troubleshoot an electric furnace?
3	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a general or business visitor visa to take the IELTS in the UK?
3	Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland?	Do I need UK visa to enter London from Cork, Ireland?
3	How can I tell whether a mathematics journal seems reputable?	How can I tell if a journal is reputable?
1	Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?	I have a Layover in Japan, Going to stayfor a month, Do I need a Transit Visa?
5	How can I get my dog to take liquid vitamins from a dropper?	How can I get my dog to slow down when eating?
5	Do I need to apply for ESTA?	What visa do I need to apply for going to Spain?
5	Should I tell prospective employer that I got a raise at my current job?	Should I tell my boss I have a full time job offer?
5	How can I help my dog adjust to a move?	How do I help my dog adjust after moving?
1	What's the difference between a "false cognate" and a "false friend"?	Is «plausible» a false friend between English and Spanish?
1	What is the CBFC's definition of a Film?	What's the travel insurance definition of a war zone?
1	How long does cooked TVP keep in the fridge?	How long does uncooked meat last when kept in the freezer?
1	How do I remove paint from a wood floor?	How do I paint art onto a wall?
1	How should I patch a large hole in brick?	How can I patch a large hole in a metal bathtub?
1	How do I stop my dog from jumping on me?	How can I stop my cat from jumping on top of my car?
1	How should I store beansprouts?	How should I store speck?
1	What to look for when choosing a new bathtub?	What to look for when purchasing a blender?
1	Where do I attach the grounding conductor to my bedroom light fixture?	How do I remove the cover from my light fixture?
1	How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain?	How do I wire this ceiling fan?
1	Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands?	Transit Visa in the UK?
1	Is it possible to do a Master's in Mathematics after a Bachelor's in Economics?	Is it advisable in my case to take a second bachelor's degree?
1	How can I replace a 3 wire thermostat with a 4 wire on baseboard electric heater?	How should I install a thermostat for a baseboard heater?
1	Is it possible to patent recipes?	Is it possible to breed crickets?
1	Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK?	Does an Indian with UK residence require a visa to visit the Netherlands?
1	Is it appropriate to call a professor for a recommendation on the weekend?	Is it appropriate to send a gift to a professor for an online course?
5	What olive is a good taste substitute for Kalamata?	What is a good pine nut substitute for pesto?
5	How can I replace a ceiling fan light pull chain?	How do I wire this ceiling fan?
5	How do I comfortably and safely bathe my Whippet?	How do I bathe my cat?
5	How can I make the best use of chocolate peppers?	How can I make a chocolate syrup that can be frozen?
5	How do I pump up water pressure in my shower?	How can I boost the water pressure in my shower?
0	How can I get my colleagues to stop interrupting me?	How can I get my child to stop biting others?
0	Layover at Narita for 3 hours. Do i need a transit visa?	Do I need a visa for layover at Germany airport?
0	Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK?	Does a Nicaraguan citizen need a visa for the UK?
0	Why does my washing machine leak only during the tumble dry cycle?	Why does my washing machine leak only during the spin cycle?
0	What is the best way to repair a cracked bathtub?	What is the best way to start learning a new course?
0	Schengen visa for UK citizen?	UK visa decision advice?
0	What is the best way to treat feline ringworm?	What is the best way to filter the Turkish coffee?
0	What is the significance of the cat?	What is the significance of the artwork?
4	What are the pros and cons of using a nanny-cam?	what are the pros and cons of structured deposits?
4	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need an airport transit visa for Germany if I have a Schengen visa?
4	What happened at the end of Rocky?	What happened to Jack Swift at the end of Brokeback Mountain?
4	What's the best way to avoid slipping on ice?	What's the best way to store asparagus?
4	What does it mean by a "research university"?	What does it mean by "Follow-up Masters"?
4	How to prepare dried tortellini?	How to prepare for a race?
4	What can I do to fix store-bought mayonnaise that split?	How do I make mayonnaise split?
3	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I require a transit visa?
3	What is the best way to travel around Israel and Palestine?	What's the best way to seal around this faucet?
3	What does the term "Out of the Furnace" refer to?	What does the term "match the market" mean?
3	How should I install a thermostat for a baseboard heater?	How should I install a new water heater?
3	What kind of plug adapter should I pack for India?	What kind of plug adapter do I need?
3	How can I get rid of springtails?	How can I get rid of fleas?
3	How do I keep my dog's water clean?	How do I keep my pool water clean without nasty chemicals?
3	I need a new bank! How do I determine the financial stability of a bank in the US?	Do I need to pay tax on the amount of savings I have in the bank?
3	How can I get rid of fleas?	How can I get rid of my I-94?
3	What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each?	What are the pros and cons of different types of smart switches on the UK market?
3	What are the pros and cons of setting up a 529 plan for myself?	What are the pros and cons of LED lighting for home use?
3	What is the best way to treat feline ringworm?	What is the best way to toast pecans?
3	Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?	Do I need a transit visa for London, UK?
3	What's the best way to store asparagus?	What is the best way to store oars?
3	What does casual mean in this context?	What does the conversation mean?
3	How can I stop my pie from burning?	How can I safely re-heat a chicken pie without burning the crust?
1	How can I keep my dog from barking when I don't know what he's barking at?	How can I keep my dog from crying when he's kenneled in the car?
1	Is it possible to patent recipes?	Is it possible to steam steak?
1	How do you teach a toddler not to share?	How do you teach a child to call for help?
1	How do I know if my cat has worms?	How do I stop my cat from biting cords?
1	Can I travel to Paris with a type A multiple entry visa valid for 3 years?	Can I travel to Paris for a day with a single entry visa for Schengen from Switzerland?
1	How can I work out how valuable I am to my boss and company?	How to tell my company that I am having issues with my boss?
1	Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands?	Do I need a transit Visa when changing terminals in LHR(UK)?
1	Why do you need to peel peaches to can them?	How to peel peaches?
1	How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task?	Put onto a project I don't want to do. How can I tell my boss?
1	How do I increase the height of a sliding glass door lock?	How do I measure a standard sliding glass door?
1	What does it mean by a "research university"?	What does "university ranking" mean for a graduate admissions committee?
1	Is it possible to create a professional music with Fl Studio?	Is it really possible to create a mind palace?
1	What's the best way to seal around this faucet?	What is the best way to seal this old fireplace vent?
1	How do I clean a very dirty refrigerator?	How do I clean a Hammerite paint brush?
2	How to apply for a Schengen visa?	Is it possible to get a Schengen visa for future date?
3	What is the best way to toast pecans?	What is the best way to filter the Turkish coffee?
3	What does "the anointed of the Lord" mean?	What does "respectively" mean in the Tenth Amendment?
3	How can I control a bath fan with two lights through a single wire?	How can I replace a light fixture with a two way switch?
3	Is ham safe to eat if it was at room temperature but is recooked?	How do I know if food left at room temperature is still safe to eat?
3	How can I remove 6-8 inches of concrete from a wooden floor?	How do I remove paint from a wood floor?
3	How do I measure a standard sliding glass door?	How should I mount a sliding closet door track?
3	How to test if a toilet is leaking?	How can one test if a vegetable is organic?
3	What effect does the gender of the narrator have on a story?	What is the effect of alcohol on the body?
3	what are the pros and cons of structured deposits?	What are the pros and cons of being co-supervised?
3	Is it advisable to apply to more than one PhD program?	Is it ok to apply for more than one Phd student program?
3	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need to get a DATV to transit through the UK on a F1 visa?
3	How to ask for a higher salary increase the second time?	How much would be a fair raise or salary increase to ask for at work?
3	How much water is too much?	How much is too much worry/anxiety in a child?
3	Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?	Do I need to get a transit visa for the stop over at a Canadian airport?
3	How do I replace a broken halogen bulb in the recessed light in my bathroom?	How to replace recessed halogen light from an eyeball fixture?
4	How can I work out how valuable I am to my boss and company?	How can I avoid telling my boss about the new company that I'll be working for during resignation?
4	What is the difference between an amp and a head?	Is there a difference between seasoning and flavouring?
4	What's the best way to introduce a chinchilla to a household with cats?	What is the best way to introduce myself in a letter to a prospective graduate adviser?
4	Why is there no water in the kitchen?	Why was there no narration in The Hunger Games?
4	Layover at Narita for 3 hours. Do i need a transit visa?	Do I need a transit visa for a layover in Turkey?
4	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	What is the difference between a college and a university?
4	What is the difference between an amp and a head?	What is the difference between a macaron and an amaretti biscuit?
4	What is a good substitute for ground veal?	Is there a substitute for dashi?
4	How do I monitor what my kids do on the computer?	What can I do when the upholstry on my computer chair is coming off?
4	How to make crumbly cookies?	How to make cookies less crumbly?
4	Should I negotiate if I'm offered more than what I initially asked for?	I was offered the minimum salary I requested, should I ask for more?
2	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	How should I apply for a Schengen visa from the UK?
2	How can I get my dog to slow down when eating?	How can I get my dog to eat vitamins when she doesn't want to?
2	How do I ask my boss to pay for an expense?	How do I go about asking my boss for an extended leave to travel abroad?
2	What is intonation and how can I find out if my guitar has correct intonation?	How can I find out my credit-score?
2	How can I be sure my water softener is working?	How can I determine what is in my water?
1	How do I wire a bathroom exhaust fan/light to two switches?	How do I wire a combo with two supplies?
3	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	What is the difference between a creditor and a lender?
3	How can I tell if I'm planking correctly?	How do I know if I'm flossing correctly?
3	How do I stop my dog from jumping on me?	How can I stop my dog from peeing on our neighbor's door?
3	How do I ask my boss to pay for an expense?	How do I decide how much to charge my boss for a painting?
3	How to frame a door in a passageway?	How to fit a new door in a narrower frame?
3	What to do when your manager doesn't accept your vendor's answer about a bug?	What to do when a journal publishes a paper plagiarizing one's work but doesn't care about it?
3	If lost in the wilderness, what is the first thing I should do?	What is the first thing to do, when buried in an avalanche?
3	What could be causing my GFCI to trip?	What could be causing my new GFCI receptacle to keep tripping?
3	How to get rid of oversleeping?	How to get rid of this shed?
3	How do I determine what size Generator I need?	How can I determine what size pressure pump and tank do I need?
3	Should I agree to have more insulation added to my attic?	I added insulation to my attic rafters, but should I have left room for airflow?
3	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need visa for UK visit if I have a work permit for Ireland?
3	How can I get power to this garage?	How can I get myself writing again?
3	How can I get rid of springtails?	How to get rid of weevils?
3	Is it acceptable as referee to contact an author on a paper you review?	Is it appropriate as a referee to contact an author after the editor rejected the manuscript?
0	How can I add a GFCI receptacle on a circuit with split receptacles?	How can I install a new bathroom GFCI receptacle?
0	How can I prevent my ferrets from smelling bad?	How I prevent my computer from collecting dust?
0	Is there an alternative to Wikipedia?	Is there an alternative to the common genre-system for classifying books?
0	What kind of spider web is this - and how do I get rid of it?	What kind of board is this, and where can I get some?
1	What are the pros and cons of feeding on demand?	What are the pros and cons of eating 1-3 grapefruits every day?
1	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need seperate visas for travelling via Munich to Geneva, if I already have a Schengen visa?
1	I was published in a journal on Beall's list - how bad is my mistake?	Should I publish in a journal that appears on Beall’s list?
1	Layover at Narita for 3 hours. Do i need a transit visa?	Do I need a transit visa for layover in Italy?
1	How can I get rid of springtails?	How to get rid of this shed?
1	What could be wrong with my air conditioner?	What went wrong with my brownies?
1	What is the origin of Dragons?	What is the origin of Rap?
1	What does casual mean in this context?	What does overhead rate mean?
1	How do I repair this broken pipe?	How can I repair this broken bathroom tap?
1	How can I replace a 3 wire thermostat with a 4 wire on baseboard electric heater?	How can I upgrade a 3 wire appliance receptacle to a 4 wire receptacle?
1	How can I ask for a raise at my internship-turned-full time job?	How do I take out time for my research while working a full time job?
1	How should I cite a screenshot in APA style for my student paper?	How should I cite StackOverflow questions in my term paper?
3	How should I understand time signature?	How should I translate this?
3	Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK?	What kinds of documentation does a US citizen need to enter the UK on a tourist visa?
3	What is the best temperature to store honey at?	What's the best way to store asparagus?
3	How High Can I Raise My Lights?	How can I ask for a raise at my internship-turned-full time job?
3	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	Is there a difference between a manual and an automatic grinder?
3	What is a good solo to learn in the Dorian mode?	What is a good guitar solo to learn in the minor scale?
2	What  milestones should we be aware of when planning for our child?	What types of developmental milestones should we be concerned about?
2	What is the longest timespan depicted in a movie?	What is the shortest timespan depicted in a movie?
2	How do I cap a T junction on a roof ridge?	How do I finish a ridge cap?
1	What should I look for in a jump rope?	What should I look for in a cooking class?
1	How do you teach a toddler not to share?	How do you get a child to eat?
1	Is it right to ask for a PhD position at a conference?	Is it ethical to look for a new job at a conference my current employer is paying for?
1	How should I wake up my 4 year old?	How can I get my 4 year old to clean up toys without a battle?
1	How can I remove a non-load bearing wall in my basement?	How do I install a new, non load bearing wall in my basement?
1	How can I get my dog to slow down when eating?	How can I train my dog to be calm when greeting friends?
1	How long does it take to get into London from Southend airport?	From London to Luton Airport by National Express - how long does it take?
1	How do I remove paint from a wood floor?	How can I remove paint from slotted screw heads?
1	How can I make the ceiling black, non-permanently?	How can I level the joists and ceiling?
1	How long should meat be steamed for?	How long should a feeding be attempted?
1	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	What is the difference between AUG and CCG?
1	Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands?	Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland?
1	How long can I keep sauteed onions in the fridge?	How long can I keep espresso in the fridge?
1	When should I use italics in scientific writing?	Should I prefer long or short sentences in scientific writing?
1	As Philippine do I need a transit visa on a cruise through Schengen countries and the UK and Ireland?	Do I need a UK or Ireland transit visa when flying from the US to a Schengen country?
1	How to best store scallions?	How to best store cocoa powder?
1	Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK?	Does a Ukrainian citizen with UK visa and Estonian residence need a tourist visa to Spain?
1	How can I repair my two sloping concrete slabs?	How can I repair my concrete porch?
1	Why doesn't my cat lick me?	Why doesn't my cat like being held?
2	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	What is the difference between a filler word and a discourse marker?
2	Do I need to write a bibliography?	What do I need to use a headboard?
2	What is the decision on my paper?	What is the white film on my wet carrots?
2	What are modes and how are they useful?	What are electrolytes and why are they important?
2	How to address a professor in letter?	How to compose a great recommendation letter?
2	What is the most effective way to filter your twitter stream?	What is the best way to filter the Turkish coffee?
2	Can I put a convection toaster oven over the range?	Can I roast nuts in a convection microwave oven?
2	What kind of socket is this?	What type of switch is this?
2	How can I build a porch enclosure?	How can I build a mantel around my fireplace?
2	How do I stop my dog from jumping on me?	How do I stop my dog from barking at people through the fence?
2	How do I determine if a pipe is frozen?	How do I level a pipe with the ground?
2	What is the difference between shawarma and gyros?	What is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb?
2	Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland?	Flying USA to UK via Canada with Spanish passport. Do I need to apply for a visa?
2	How to make a strong mug of filter coffee without any Coffee machine?	How to make a strong mug of instant Coffee?
1	Can you really teach how to play notes on the flute?	How do you play really short notes on the acoustic guitar?
1	How can I increase the number of push-ups I can do?	How can I calculate the number of deductions I should use?
1	How do I prepare a wall for backsplash tile?	How to prepare for a race?
1	How do you keep up with a toddler?	How do you help a child with nightmares?
1	How much water is too much?	How much cinnamon is too much?
1	How do I repair this broken pipe?	How do I level a pipe with the ground?
2	What is the difference between EFTA and the EU?	What is the difference between portamento and glissando?
2	What is the best way to apply Shellac-based primer?	What is the best way to fix this garage floor?
2	How to record and optimize sleep patterns?	How to optimize effort?
2	How to apply for a Schengen visa?	How can I apply for an Irish tourist visa?
2	What is the difference between balls in Test and ODI Cricket?	What is the difference between "retired out" and "retired not out" in cricket?
2	In a dialogue, how do you write that a character says a letter?	How do I punctuate a statement that a character is ordered to say in a future scenario?
2	How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task?	How can I combat my tendancy of always wanting to do what I'm not able to?
2	How do I season wood on my own?	How do I make my own chocolate chips?
2	What instrument is this?	What this instrument is used for?
2	What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each?	What are the advantages and disadvantages of various methods of supporting the classical guitar?
1	How can I control a bath fan with two lights through a single wire?	How can I control two ceiling fans and lights with one single pole switch?
1	What do I do if a professor at a foreign university doesn't respond to my emails?	Recruiter doesn't respond to my e-mail for a week. What should I do?
1	What is the best way to clean your clothes dryer exhaust?	What is the best way to clean a dryer vent?
1	What type of lag bolts should I use for a deck?	What type of screws should I use?
1	How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task?	Should I tell to my boss that I don't like to work with the new colleague?
1	How do I repair this broken pipe?	How can I repair some broken patio stones?
1	Is the reciprocity fee for US citizens only charged if you arrive at Santiago International Airport?	What is the reciprocity fee for US citizens entering Argentina?
1	How do I paint art onto a wall?	How do I make this paint match?
1	How can I get my colleagues to stop interrupting me?	How can I get my cat to clean himself?
1	Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK?	Do I need a UK or Ireland transit visa when flying from the US to a Schengen country?
1	What's the best way to introduce a chinchilla to a household with cats?	What is the best way to introduce cats to newborns?
0	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	do i need a Transit visa in London?
0	Is it possible to get a Schengen visa for future date?	Is it possible to get a Schengen visa without travel insurance and a copy of the itinerary?
0	Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland?	Do I need a transit visa flying from Germany to India though transit at London?
0	How much water is too much?	Vitamins: How much is too much?
0	What's the best way to store potatoes and maximize their shelf-life?	What is the best way to store fresh berries?
2	What is the best way to treat feline ringworm?	What is the best way to store fresh berries?
2	Can I repair a plaster ceiling with drywall?	How can I repair drywall after removing tile?
2	How does mobile home insurance work?	How does velveting work?
2	To what extent should a professor give students freedom to do independent research?	What should a tenured professor do to move to a more research oriented school?
2	What is the significance of the cat?	What is the significance of the billboard?
2	How should I build a skid foundation for my shed?	How do I build an on grade foundation for a shed?
2	What do I do with the neutral and ground when wiring a transfer switch?	What do I do with the ground wire?
2	What is a mezrag-holder?	What is a bloquers?
2	How do I professionally quit a job I've realized is not for me?	How do I leave a job if I haven't done much yet?
2	What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each?	What kind of walkers are available and what are the pros and cons of each?
2	How do I fix a hole/gap between my shower tile and the dry wall next to it?	How do I patch a gap between my bathtub and wall?
1	What is the best way to store fresh berries?	What is the best way to store ground coffee?
4	What are the guidelines for declaring for the MLB Draft?	What are the guidelines for declaring for the NFL Draft?
4	What does "respectively" mean in the Tenth Amendment?	What does "basis points" mean in this context?
4	Should I be worried about tears in my foundation wrap?	Should I be worried about my baby's eyesight?
4	What is this vocal technique called?	What's this rhythm called?
4	What's the best way to store asparagus?	What's the best way to season a cast iron skillet?
4	What exactly is a CV?	What is a short CV?
4	How do I season wood on my own?	How do I repair a flaking finish on my wood windows?
4	How long can a pitcher of tap water be left out, and still be drinkable?	How long can fish be left out?
4	How do I monitor what my kids do on the computer?	How do I play the synthesizer on my own?
4	How long can I keep sauteed onions in the fridge?	How long can I keep eggs in the refrigerator?
4	How do I wire a bathroom exhaust fan/light to two switches?	Can I wire a Bathroom Fan to two Switches in Parallel?
4	What is the origin of Dragons?	What is the origin of Jataka tales?
4	What can I use to build temporary walls in an unfinished basement?	Can I use Romex in an unfinished basement or attic?
4	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	What is the difference between a school and a department?
4	How can I help my dog adjust to a move?	How can I help my dog's furuncles?
4	What is the best way to store fresh berries?	What is the best way to read a textbook?
4	How can I control a bath fan with two lights through a single wire?	How can I independently control a light and fan, where only a single hot wire is used?
4	Does Apple’s Magic Trackpad put more stress on the hand, wrist and arm than a traditional mouse?	Do using trackballs put more stress on the hand, wrist and arm than a traditional mouse?
4	What is the difference between shawarma and gyros?	What is the difference between chicken cubes and ground chicken?
4	What does this tablature notation mean?	What does this notation mean?
3	How do I use whole fresh tamarind?	How do I use tamarind powder?
3	How can I get rid of fleas?	How do I get rid of fleas on my rabbit?
3	Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?	Do I need a transit visa in Frankfurt, Germany on the way to India?
3	Where can I find an LED replacement for this CFL bulb?	Where can I find LED indoor floodlights?
3	How do i get my 1 yr old to sleep in his crib?	How can I get my 2.5 year old to sleep on his own?
3	Does drinking alcohol cause problems at altitude?	Does drinking tea cause problems at altitude?
3	How can I determine why my toilets are not flushing right?	How can I determine why my lights are flickering?
3	What is the difference between portamento and glissando?	What is the difference between chicken cubes and ground chicken?
3	What is the best way to apply Shellac-based primer?	What is the best way to filter the Turkish coffee?
3	What is the easiest way to get rid of spilled glitter?	What is the best way to get rid of steam on a mirror?
3	What is the significance of the cat?	What is the significance of the Olympic logo?
3	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Will I Need a Transit visa or ESTA for the US as a Canadian?
3	Is a Paraguay multiple-entry visa valid for more than 90 days in total?	Can I stay in Europe for more than 90 days with a UK working visa?
3	How can I locate and repair a leak?	How can I locate and deal with mold between floors?
3	What is the difference between portamento and glissando?	what is the difference between Erebor and Moria?
3	How do I secure a vinyl window to the wall?	How can I secure a plastic toolbox to the wall?
3	How do I secure a vinyl window to the wall?	How do I know if it is safe to remove a wall?
3	How does Elimination Communication work?	How does velveting work?
3	How to increase conversational skills?	How to develop musicianship skills?
3	What are the properties I should look for in running shoes?	What are the features that I should look for in a good preschool?
3	I'm an Indonesian citizen. Do I need a visa for South Korea?	Do I need an EU visa if I'm married to a UK citizen?
3	Is it possible to travel from London to India while on an ICT visa in the UK?	Is it possible to get a UK visa gift card while in the US?
3	How long does cooked TVP keep in the fridge?	How long does cooked garlic keep in fridge?
3	What is the significance of the cat?	What is the significance of the statue given to Hank?
3	What should I look for in a jump rope?	What to look for in a new/replacement toilet?
3	What is the origin of Indian weekday names?	What is the origin of Jataka tales?
3	How can I help my dog adjust to a move?	How can I get my dog to accept a harness without treats?
3	How can I add a GFCI receptacle on a circuit with split receptacles?	How can I add a GFCI breaker on two circuits with a shared neutral without rewiring?
1	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need transit visa to visit Zurich if I have a valid F-1 visa?
1	What kind of spider web is this - and how do I get rid of it?	What kind of timer socket is this and how can I get it working?
1	What is the best way to apply Shellac-based primer?	Which is best way to apply to a company?
1	What could be wrong with my furnace?	What went wrong with my brownies?
1	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Where can a tourist apply for a UK Visitor (standard) Visa?
1	When buying a backpack, what should I pay attention to?	On what should i pay attention when buying a guitar?
1	Will I have to clear customs In Heathrow when traveling from US to Lisbon?	Where will I clear customs traveling from US to Greece and back via Toronto?
1	What is the significance of the cat?	What is the significance of the Origami Bum?
1	I attended an Olympiad for student and failed. How should I write this down on my CV?	I have an unfinished translation of a speciality book. Should I write this down on my CV/SOP?
1	How to learn to play guitar with a slide ?	How to learn to cook?
1	How long can I safely keep a thawing pork shoulder in the fridge?	How long can I keep espresso in the fridge?
1	Do Bangladeshi citizens need transit visa in Malaysia?	Do I need a transit visa for a layover in Turkey?
1	What exactly is a CV?	What is a mezrag-holder?
1	How can I move beyond learning songs?	How can I move a drain line?
1	What is the function of "-ter" in words "laughter" and "daughter"?	What is the sound law to describe the etymology of “helix” and “vulva”?
1	How can I help my dog adjust to a move?	How should I groom my dog?
1	Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK?	Do I need a visa to enter the US as a UK citizen in transit?
1	How can I repair my relationship with my manager?	How can I repair a leaking shower?
1	What does it mean to write a song in a certain key?	Is it possible to write a song without a key?
2	I'm an Indonesian citizen. Do I need a visa for South Korea?	Do I need a Canada transit visa as an Indian citizen?
2	How can I remove a key that has broken off in a lock?	How can I remove a key that is stuck in a lock?
2	What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast?	what is the difference between Erebor and Moria?
2	Would a Colombian citizen with Canadian residency need a transit visa for the UK?	Will I need a transit visa for US as a Canadian Student Visa holder?
2	What is the best way to calculate total yield on a stock portfolio?	What is the best way to clean a grater?
2	How do I make my own chocolate chips?	How do I make my bread/buns super soft?
2	What is the best way to store fresh berries?	What is the best way to store energy?
2	What are some good next steps for the HENRY?	What are some good distractions for an infant?
2	How can I help my dog adjust to a move?	How can I help my child to stay still?
2	How can I get myself writing again?	How can I get myself to read books?
2	What could be wrong with my furnace?	What could be wrong with this receptacle?
2	What is the best way to learn finger-picking on an acoustic guitar?	What is the best way to cite an anonymous writer?
2	What is the term for the "amuse-bouche" at the end of the meal?	Why was the removal of the shrapnel just "thrown-in" at the end?
2	What is a good solo to learn in the Dorian mode?	What is a good solo to learn in the major scale?
4	How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task?	How can I convince my boss I am the right person to lead a future team?
4	How do I repair my porcelain floor?	How can I repair a hole in my subfloor?
4	How long does cooked TVP keep in the fridge?	How long does fresh parsley keep in the fridge?
4	Why isn't the switch working to turn off my ceiling lamp after I replaced a fan w/light?	Why does my ceiling fan turn off when I turn on the lights?
1	How long should I wait between grout application and sealant?	How long should I wait for plaster to dry/cure between coats?
0	How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain?	How do I install a ceiling light where one never existed?
0	Where can I find good toys suggestions for each age group?	Where can I find the percentile retirement savings for my age group?
0	What kind of socket is this?	What kind of glass is this?
0	How to remove a stuck flexible installer bit?	How can I remove a really stuck screw?
0	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	What is the difference between a check and a paycheck?
0	is it worth it to get a recruiter in a different country?	Is it worth it for me to get a masters in CS?
0	What could be wrong with my A/C unit?	What went wrong with my brownies?
0	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a visa to transit India?
0	How can I increase the number of push-ups I can do?	How can I increase the numeracy of a toddler?
0	How do I add in-floor heating to a small area?	How do I level a small yard?
0	What are the pros and cons of Jefferson vs conventional deadlifts?	What are the pros and cons of being co-supervised?
0	Should I look for a new job?	Should I start looking for a new job? If so, how soon?
0	How do I determine if a paper has been plagiarized?	How do I determine if a wall is load bearing?
0	What are Automatic Garage Door Options for a Garage with a Low Ceiling Clearance?	What are some inexpensive options for replacing a single-stall garage door?
0	What is the best temperature to store honey at?	What is the best way to store carrots?
0	UK visa decision advice?	Transit Visa in the UK?
0	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	What is the difference between a tortoise and a turtle?
2	Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?	Layover at Narita for 3 hours. Do i need a transit visa?
2	What are the pros and cons of buying a house using an FHA loan?	what are the pros and cons of structured deposits?
2	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need a transit visa in Switzerland?
2	How to fix a leaking bath tub overflow drain?	How to snake a bathtub with no overflow drain?
2	How long can you keep chocolate in the freezer?	How long can I keep espresso in the fridge?
2	Why does my asparagus turn out too chewy?	Why does salted codfish turn chewy?
2	How do I remove paint from a wood floor?	How to remove milk smell from hardwood floor?
3	How does Paying credit card in full VS paying with interest will affect your credit score?	Will paying off a credit card early affect my credit score?
0	How can I get myself writing again?	How can I get thinner pancakes?
0	What is the difference between mono and stereo?	What is the difference between balls in Test and ODI Cricket?
0	What is the best way to shorten legs on a table and chairs?	What is the best way to clean a grater?
0	What is the best way to store my sleeping bag for long periods of time?	What's the best way to store asparagus?
1	Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?	Do I need a visa to enter the US as a UK citizen in transit?
1	How do I make soft chapattis?	How do I make my bread/buns super soft?
1	What is the relation between the words "Cossack" and "Kazakh"?	What is the difference between "Mongolian Grill" and "Hibachi"?
1	What does a piano teacher do?	What Does a Compressor Pedal Do?
1	How long can you keep chocolate in the freezer?	How long can I keep bread dough in the refrigerator?
3	How can I take apart this kind of tap to replace the washer?	What kind of lock is this, and how can I replace it?
3	What is the relation between the words "Cossack" and "Kazakh"?	What is the difference between "Solo" and "Improvisation"?
3	Is it a good idea to tell my programmer colleagues that I actually code for fun?	Is it a good idea to tell my colleagues that I sometimes have depressive spells?
3	What's the process to get an Indonesian tourist visa for a US citizen?	What is required of an Australian citizen to get a visa for Ukraine?
3	What's the difference between stroganoff and goulash?	What's the difference between TaxAct and TurboTax?
3	How can I find out why my washing machine trips the outlet?	How can I find out my credit-score?
3	Did I do a shoddy wiring job on a ceiling fan?	Bad ceiling fan wiring?
3	What is the best way to store fresh berries?	What is the best way to store my tent?
3	How to peel peaches?	How do you peel chickpeas?
3	Should I contact a PhD student or his supervisor for potential collaboration?	How should a PhD student approach a collaboration?
4	How should I choose which graduate programs to apply to for the PhD?	How to better prepare myself for the application to masters degree programs in the U.S.?
4	What could cause the battery in a smoke detector to heat up?	What could cause a battery hedge trimmer to have white smoke come out of it?
4	Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland?	Do I need a DATV to travel via London from USA to India on F1 visa?
4	How should I patch a large hole in brick?	How can I patch a hole in this brick wall?
4	How long does it take for sugar to get to the hard ball stage?	How long does it take for milk to spoil unrefrigerated?
4	Is it possible to bring a bicycle on a plane?	Is it possible to check-in a double stroller on a flight?
4	Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK?	Can a Brazilian citizen enter the country with a visa on a foreign passport?
4	How can I improve my piano sight reading?	How can I improve my writing fluency in English?
4	How does the USDA grading system work?	How does leverage work?
4	What's the best way to store asparagus?	What is the best way to store my tent?
4	How do you go about calculating how much you need after retirement?	How do you know how much effort to do and for how long?
4	Can anyone tell me what this is?	Can anyone identify this warship?
4	How can I work out how valuable I am to my boss and company?	How do I (or should I) tell my manager that I am not enjoying my job?
4	What is the best way to store my sleeping bag for long periods of time?	What is the best way to store fresh berries?
4	How to encourage a toddler to swallow his food?	How to encourage toddler to not throw food?
4	How do I convert a ceiling fan with 2 separate wall switches to a separate fan & light switch?	How do I replace a ceiling fan controlled by 2 wall switches with a standard wall plug outlet?
4	Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa?	Do I need to provide a transit visa in Moscow?
4	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	Is there a difference between seasoning and flavouring?
4	How do I remove a panel from the ceiling of my side porch?	How do I remove the cover from my light fixture?
4	What is the difference between a stock and a bond?	What is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb?
4	How to make good coffee in a Moka pot?	How to make more than one good cup of coffee with a moka pot?
1	How do I prepare this porous interior wall for paint?	How do I install a new interior partition wall?
4	How do I improve heating in back room of house?	How do I improve my singing?
4	What's the best way to seal around this faucet?	What's the best way to learn what each seasoning is?
4	What could be causing my GFCI to trip?	What could be causing my GFCI outlet to trip?
1	How do I help a child who is afraid of the dark?	What should I do with a dog who is afraid of everyone except me?
1	How did the Vulgar Latin 'parabola' evolve to mean 'word'?	How did the Latin stem '-duce' evolve to mean 'from an effect'?
1	How long will a whole turkey keep in a refrigerator?	How long will a balsamic reduction keep?
1	Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?	Do I need a transit visa for Germany on the way to Canada?
1	How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task?	How do explain to my boss that I need time off for interviews, and why I am leaving?
1	What is the best way to repair a cracked bathtub?	What is the best way to toast pecans?
1	What could be causing my GFCI to trip?	What could be causing water to back up into my bathroom basin?
1	Is there any difference between an article and a paper?	Is there a difference between a manual and an automatic grinder?
1	How do I prepare this porous interior wall for paint?	How do I make this paint match?
4	Why isn't my mini fridge getting cold?	Why isn't my refrigerator getting cold?
4	What is a good substitute for ground veal?	What is a good pine nut substitute for pesto?
4	Can I easily reach Salar de Uyuni in Bolivia, from Puno, Titicaca lake in Peru?	How can I get from La Paz, Bolivia to Puno, Peru?
4	What do I need to look for in a Y splitter for guitar?	What do I have to do in preparation for applying for a PhD?
4	How do I remove paint from a wood floor?	How can I remove oil stains from a concrete floor?
4	What is the difference between mono and stereo?	What is the difference between portamento and glissando?
4	How can I repair my relationship with my manager?	How can I repair my two sloping concrete slabs?
4	What kind of socket is this?	What kind of ambiguity is this called?
4	How do I teach my toddler to chew his food?	How do I teach my toddler not to abuse animals?
4	How do I stop my daughter from hitting another child?	What can I do to stop my child from being over-sensitive?
4	What can I do to fix water coming up from floor drain?	How can I stop water from coming up through the floor?
4	What is the difference between mono and stereo?	What is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb?
4	What could be wrong with my furnace?	What is wrong with my gas furnace?
